B00NEFXOGA
I have purchased it on launching day.My one month observations are as follows:- Pros:- 1) this is the best micromax mobile in low end smartphone market 2) It's design is simple and nice and provides good grip to hold. 3)Regular updates will fascinate the user for almost 2 years. 4) This Is the cheapest phone to get Android L. 5)Its resolution is low but due to IPS technology and good screen brightness you will not be disappointed. HD video runs smoothly. 5) Applications are opening even faster than my Moto G. 6) Its sound clearity is awesome and is loud and clear. 7) Touch response is fast and fluid and match up the moto G's touch response. 8) This is a good stock android device. 9) its front camera (2 mp) is nice and even better than its rear canera.pic are coming out clear and sharp. Cons:- 1) Its battery drains out heavily. If you are a moderate to heavy user than better try some other phone. If you are surfing on 2g network you'll hardly get 3-4 hours of power.you have to reach your power socket every now and then. 2)There is no protection on screen by some scratch resistant glass like gorilla glass aur dragon trail glass which are very common now.so you've to take utmost care of screen and screen guard is heavily needed. 3) Its rear camera is not something to boost about. It will take decent PIC in outside surrounding but in night or inner surrounding picture will be noisy.Its flash is not powerful enough to provide proper light. 4) Micromax After sale service is worst in India as you all know. Always pray that you never have any problem in phone other wise you'll curse yourself for purchasing micromax product. Their service representative will always make some excuses and if they are ready to repair your phone than either you have to revisit the centre again and again or you've to wait for a long time to get your repaired phone back. Now some tips for android one bbuyer:- 1) Avoid applying screen guard by yoursrlf . 2) Purchase mobile case to protect your phone from bumps and drop. 3) Since this is a stock android there will be no third party app so there will be no file explorer on this phone and there is no gallery application so you have to download it from Google play. 4) You can't be able to receive any application over bluetooth because some devices not allow this for security reason. Although you can receive an app by renaming it. For Eg:- suppose I have an app named xmen.apk and I want to transfer it to android one through Bluetooth than I will rename the app to some other form(like send as a image or video) so I rename it to xmen.PNG or xmen.jpeg then it will be transferred to android one.on receiving this file rename it to xmen.apk Now it is ready to install. Note: All the copy, pasting and renaming is done by file explorer so first download any file explorer. Some must have app (for first time android user) :- 1) MX player (its a video player) 2) ES file explorer (best File explorer) 3) 360 security ( its no.1 antivirus engine+ ram cleaner+ file hiding) 4) for gallery you can try My Roll app. That's it. I hope you will like my honest review and keep this review in mind before placing your order.
I got the phone and put a SIM on Friday and all worked great. On Saturday, I put the second SIM and the phone did not detect it. Worse, it stopped detecting the first SIM also. I called the Micromax customer service who advised to take it to the service center in Pune. He advised this could be a "dead on arrival" (DOA) case. This is a dreadful step for most customers. As I approached the service center, I was guessing how they would try to dodge me. The guy who hands over the token number for the queue checked the invoice and heard my problem and I mentioned to him that this is a DOA case. He said there is an audit going on, everybody is busy and I should come the next day. This was the first line of "defense". I insisted that I have to talk to someone inside because otherwise if I delay, then I will not be eligible for a replacement. He reluctantly let me in to a special counter. The customer representative here said that their systems are down and he cannot help me. On my asking when it is expected to be back up, he said he doesn't know, it could be a week! This was the second line of defense. I insisted to speak to his supervisor. His supervisor was on the phone and I waited for 15 mins. The supervisor said he does not have the "hologram" that he needs to handle DOA cases. The company (Micromax) hasn't sent him any. Imagine Micromax advertising on prime time television and its service center is not supported. The supervisor advised me take to another center in Pune. I thanked him and said I am returning this product to Amazon. As I was about to leave, he seemed to have a change of mind and said he will take a look at what's wrong. I then went in the inner office where his colleague tried to check out the phone. His microsim worked in both the slots of the phone. The problem seemed to be with my SIMs which were regular SIMs cut into microsim size by the neighbourhood shop. He advised me to get a microsim from the vendor and not use a cut sim. Eventually that worked and my phone recognizes both SIMs. It was my fault that I was using the cut SIM, but I couldn't have guessed it because the first cut SIM did work for a day. But if my phone was indeed a DOA case, then I would have been stuck. First moral of the story: Get a microsim and not cut your regular sim into microsim slot. Second moral of the story: Be prepared to be denied customer service. You could be left holding the bag (actually the phone). If only companies like Micromax solve their customers problems instead of treating them as problems, they could give a tough competition to bigger players like Samsung.
I am surprised at how good this phone is. for this Price it is worth every penny. google will also give immediate updates to this device like the nexus devices. That is amazing. even if you have the galaxy s5 you have to wait for 2 months to get the update. but not in this phone. its immediate update for this phone. Also i dint find any lag in the phone. its Super fast. Word of Advice: USE Class 6 Or Class 10 Micro SD card. The 8GB micro SD which comes free with this device is a class 4 so it is slow and will make your phone slow. so Upgrade the micro SD card.
Earlier Title: Comes with Notifications LED Updated on 24 March 2015. I had read many reviews about this phone and had not seen any other reviewer mentioning about Notifications LED. I am writing this review to make others aware about the presence of Notifications LED in this series of Android One phones. As a software engineer I had been following Android One from the time I came to know about it from the keynote address of Sundar Pitchai at the Google I/O conference. I am already using an HTC Desire 310 Dual Sim phone purchased in April 2014 for Rs 11,500 which uses equivalent MediaTek Chipset. I compared the specifications of this phone which was costing slightly more than half the price of the phone I am already using and I found that Canvas A1 either had the same specifications as Desire 310 or better, except for the battery specifications. So I was ready to purchase this phone for my wife and ordered this on the very first day the phone went on sale. Since my wife is a new smartphone user I setup every thing for her and was monitoring the phone usage. It was at this time I noticed that there was a green flashing LED on the dark display screen showing that there was some notifications. My earlier 3-year old "HTC Desire HD" phone had a very prominent intense LED and had never known that such an LED could be present in a phone but not be physically visible otherwise. This is an extra feature on the Canvas A1 and it is not present on the Desire 310. One need not switch on the display to see if there are any notifications that may need attention. If the notifications LED is not flashing then no attention is needed. I have answered some of the questions raised in the "Questions & Answers" section and these are some of the significant answers that I provided. # Supported Sensors list obtained from AnTuTu Benchmark: 1) G-Sensor 2) Acceleration Sensor 3) Light Sensor 4) E-Compass 5) Proximity Sensor 6) Gyro Sensor 7) Linear Acceleration Sensor 8) Rotation Vector Sensor # GPU Mali-400 MP # Battery Specification 1700mAh, Limited Charge Voltage 4.35V, 3.8VLi-Polymer Battery 6.46Wh # OTG is not supported. Messages showed by OTG Troubleshooter: 1. USB Host Support 2. ? OTG Detected 3. No USB Device Detected in Linux 4. No USB Device Detected in Android. Question: Where is the notification LED? Answer: The Notification LED is under the display in the top middle and is not visible when it is not blinking. Question: How can I customize notification LED on this mobile? Answer: You can download an LED Settings application like Light Manager to customize your LED. Question: Is LED Notification feature exclusive to Micromax A1 or they have just installed Light Manager application and it will work on any android phone? Answer: For the feature to work the hardware has to be there. Canvas A1 has the necessary hardware and you can use the Light Manager Application to configure it to work the way you want. Soumya said on 26 Sep 2014 Dear Pandiaraj- I have read ur review as u have said about led notifications which u didnt get in earlier HTC as u own.But this led notification was in earlier version of mmx a110q and in that mobile as charge gets complete led notifications shows also but its an exception in A1 tht it doesn't show led notifications after its gets charged 100%. F J Pandiaraj said on 27 Sep 2014 Soumya, I have just now installed "Light Manager - LED Settings" from Play Store. If you use the default settings given there the LED will glow Red while the battery is charging and glow Green when fully charged. There are many more options that can be used to configure how the Notifications LED can be used. Download and try it. Question: How to activate the airtel offer? Answer: From you Airtel Internet connection go to [...] to activate the offer. You will get an SMS confirming the activation. Question: Does it support Hindi Language. Answer: You can view Hindi Text on the screen and type in Hindi if you enable Hindi Keyboard even in Kitkat. Question: What is micro sim? Answer: The normal Mini-sim has the dimension of 25x15x0.76mm. The Micro-sim has the dimension of 15x12x0.76mm. Sim cutters can be used to trim extra plastic from Mini-SIM to the Micro-SIM size. I have bought HP Deskjet Ink Advantage 2545 All-in-One Color Printer to Scan and Print from Android One. You can see my review of this Printer at http://www.amazon.in/review/RWHSPWLUAA96Z/ref=cm_cr_pr_perm?ie=UTF8&ASIN=B00FZLML2E. I was able to scan from the Printer to the Android One Phone and print a photo from the Phone. 08 October Additions Earlier I had purchased a Micromax Canvas A1 with Android One (Magnetic Black) phone for my wife. After trying out the phone for a while I found that I was missing many features of Kitkat, as my similarly configured HTC Desire 310 Dual (Matte Blue) phone was only running Jelly Bean. When I bought the Desire 310, I was expecting that this phone would be upgraded to Kitkat. Till date HTC has not confirmed if this phone would be upgraded to Kitkat and later to Android L. So I decided to buy a Micromax Canvas A1 with Android One (Serene White) phone for myself even though the Desire 310 was only 6 months old, and I normally don’t replace products while I can still use them. In this write up I am documenting exactly what it took to setup the new phone using a Prepaid Airtel Connection. Expectating the new phone I had already purchased a new Airtel Connection and a Sandisk Ultra microSDHC UHS-I 32GB Class 10 Memory Card with Adapter keeping the next 2+ years of anticipated storage requirement. I kept aside the Strontium 8GB MicroSDHC Memory Card (Class 4) that came free with the phone and inserted the 32GB Memory Card and the Airtel Sim in the new phone before switching it on. The Welcome Screen asked for the Language Selection. Even before I could start to press it, an Airtel Live advertisement popped up in the screen and vanished after some time. I chose the Language as English and then it asked for Wi-Fi network. An Airtel message showed my 3G balance as 491.06 MB, and it switched on the Airtel Mobile Data Connection. I skipped the Select Wi-Fi option so that I can see exactly what a non-Wi-Fi user would see. It then informed me that I may incur extra carrier charges and I chose to skip Wi-Fi. Then it asked me to sign in with my Google Account. Now it asked me for Backup & Restore, Location, Communication and Entertainment options. It picked up my name from the Google Account. Then it displayed information about Google Now. I opted out of Google Now. Thereafter it showed a Welcome, Organise your space screens and placed me in the home screen. Now I disabled the mobile data to briefly check my data balance which was 489.50MB before enabled it again. Next I opened Chrome and went to [...] to claim the free Airtel offer. There it showed “HOT OFFERS” Android One Offer!! (For Prepaid customers only) Software Update: 100 MB per month for 6 months, App Download/Update 200 MB per months and gave an “Activate Now” button, which I selected. After which it displayed “Activation Successful” message. I also received a confirmation SMS “You get 100MB/mnth for 6months for Android Software update.Check balance,dial *125*452# & 200MB/mnth for 6 months for App download.Check balance, dial *125*453#. Meanwhile “Google Talkback” update was waiting for approval. Since I had by now received the free offer I was now ready to update Google Play Store Apps. Now I selected “UPDATE ALL” for Play Store Updates. In between I got a “Micromax Registration” popup with the message “Congratulations on purchasing Micromax handset Press Continue to register your phone with us for warranty services, updates and more.”. I pressed “Continue” and apps were still being updated from Play Store. I waited for all Apps to be updated. At this time 10 applications were updated. Now I switched off Mobile data and my 3G balance was 461.03MB. Dialling *125*452# did not show any results. Dialing *125*453# Showed Dear customer, Your Data usage is 200.000 MB and end date is Nov 06, 2014. So the update had used 28.47MB of my existing 3G and did not use the offer which it should have. Having seen that the updates were not using the Free Airtel Offer I went back to Wi-Fi and completed downloading the remaining applications that I wanted to use and configured the rest. I am not very sure about this Airtel offer. Even in my wife’s Airtel connection *125*452# did not show any results. It is now more than 20 days since the offer started and I would expect Airtel to show some correct data. I am not interested in wasting my time trying to call up Airtel Customer Services and clarify about the 100MB/month of update offer. It appears to me that Airtel is making a false claim here. As I have an Unlimited Broadband Wi-Fi connection I do not think I will be using these extra data that Airtel offers. 13 October 2014 Additions As my wife liked the white phone I prepared to make the change. Before using the black phone my wife was using a 3+ years old HTC Desire HD to learn things like WhatsApp. When we moved her sim to the black phone we managed to move WhatsApp with all the conversations as WhatsApp recognized the change and gave an option to restore the conversations. In case of the change to the white phone, I did a factory reset and moved the sim from the black phone. Since the same Google account was used on both the phones all the applications was successfully installed on the new phone without manual intervention. All data, specially WhatsApp did not move successfully and all the conversations got cleared. As photos and videos were saved in Google cloud they could be accessed. From a local mobile shop we were even able to locate a white flip cover which I have reviewed at http://www.amazon.in/review/R316II0IM88H9U/?ASIN=B00O66STFC. [...] 24th March 2015 Additions. One of the reasons that I bought this phone was that I wanted to have a phone with latest Android Software on it. Over the last six months I had been waiting for the updates which never came. In the mean time Android 5.0, 5.0.1 and 5.0.2 were released and none of these were made available to Android One devices. After long wait Google has released Android 5.1 to Micromax Canvas A1 devices and my device received it over the weekend. The size of the updated file was about 410 MB and it brought in very much improvements to the phone. Since it includes both the changes from Android 5.0 and Android 5.1 the changes give the phone a new look. Some of the important changes. * Access quick setting from the lock screen * New Torch option is available from this quick settings screen * Notification messages can be displayed on the lock screen * New Priority mode helps you to manage notifications better * Connect to WiFi and BlueTooth directly from the quick settings * New Smart Lock capability * Much better Battery usage statistics
I bought this phone considering the reason it is from Google's android one program. The specs are good and works like a mini Nexus in hand. Gets all my taks done excellentally from calls, emails, browsing, music and chatting etc which many people do with 40K phones. Camera is good for posting online, capturing moments. It is happy to have a phone which was introduced on stage in Google I/O 2014 !
I would rather say android one is jack of all trades. Its a complete package with every thing a smartphone should have. And having given ₹6500 only for such a thing u are willing to accept some mediocre level features like front camera,heating problem(not that much disturbing) and accelerated battery consumption in gaming. But even then this smartphone success in providing what it promised for- A feel of an elegant smartphone (if not great) at low price. Pros of canvas a1: Fast internet browsing Gaming feeling good Light weight Micromax handset design is elegant Rear camera OK not great. Cons: Front camera not good. Heating problem while charging,using net, gaming and WiFi hotspoting. Battery life is not that long as promised. Amit
What a wonderful mobile micromax a 1. I purchased from your website. It working up to the expectations and giving immense happiness while playing games. Thank you Inderjit Singh
If a phone like HTC one m8 or iphone 6 can have drawbacks so can this little handset for 6,499 can also have.. NO phone is perfect People have given this phone a single star or two or three because they say it does not have gorilla glass and poor camera.. I agree to that but see what are you paying for.. Moto e is a good option but it has no flash no front camera, smaller screen and not backed by google for two years software update PROS: 1. Stylish 2. Brilliant display 3. Excellent battery(I get a full day use for mails, calling on wifi & 2g) 4. It's Software 5. No lag found after 4 days of use 6. This time micromax has given a strong wifi unlike even it's flagship phones doesn't have it Cons: 1. Very hard to insert and remove sim 2. Front camera(looks VGA) 3. Slow bluetooth NO RATINGS FOR GAMES AND CAMERA(Basics things can be done)I Don't expect under 7k to enjoy high end games or click great pictures I don't understand people want to play apshalt 8 or other high end graphics game but want to spend only 6k.. Minimize your expectations for what you are paying for The problems with Indians is that when they pay for GOA they want the thrill of Las Vegas.. Wake up boss and if u want to be the first one to have the latest software go for this tiny NEXUS.. If you don't trust micromax wait for few months u will get the Global Players into android one project...
Excellent product for this price. I would have given 5 starts if internal memory is 8GB. I have received it today with one delivery option. So far I have found the following good qualities: 1) Nice display 2) Watched youtube video. Awesome 3) Came with nice headphone. It has got good bass. 4) Camera is good. Needs further investigation. 5) It is too early to talk about battery performance 6) Audio quality is good (tested by playing a mp3 song) 7) 2GB internal memory will be free available when you first open the phone 8) I could see that some of the applications were able to be moved to sd card. 9) Came with 8GB SD card and screen protector 10) USB cable is bit long compared to recent low end phones 11) OK Google works fine Cons: 1) 4GB internal memory 2) Speaker output is during call is bit less. But OK
Hello friends, Amazon Service is so owsum. I have ordered Android One on 18th of September and guess what the phone was in my hand the immediate next day. Amazon delivered this beast within 24 hours of Order. Wow excellent Service. Now, let me give u fair review of the Android One. I have been using it for a week. Observation: 1. Design ,its absolutely owsum. It doesn't look like cheap phone and its well designed. 2. Operating system, its really butter, it is pure stock. Bt still it comes with apps such as Amazon, Ask Me, Hike and MI Live, and user can only disable this app, it would have been best if there was option to remove this app. 3. Coming to Hardware, user gets 2.5 GB of free phone memory, person can move apps to SD card BT one cannot move it completely. There will be some data stored in phone memory. RAM u get around 530MB of average free RAM during normal and heavy usage. 4. Display, its crispy not the best in the industry BT it will satisy a user, it has good viewing angles, 240dpi , u cannot ask more at price tag of 6.5K. 5. Gaming: Well this beast is outstanding in gaming, I have played Injustice: Gods among us, Asphalt 8, Temple Run 2, Shadow Fight and front line commando . I have never seen screen drop or lag while playing games. Well this proves that it can excellently handle heavy graphic intensive and HD games. 6. Google now, works charm. It identify ur voice and doest the job well. 7. Battery might b an issue for extreme users, well for me it lasted for 18 hours with usage of 2 hours of gaming and on 3G network, and on medium usage of screen.
Awesome phone.. just today evening I received the phone, amazingly fast and gud display with gud color depth.. Its more of a google phone, forget about the manufacturer. I simply call it as a jr.nexus.
I ordered this mobile on 12 oct,2014.i got very much late delivery ,as on 24 oct,that was also 2 days late from the delivery date.when i open the box,i was shocked by seeing the look of the mobile,it was very smart and it's quite a slim set.about features, camery quality is very good,no hanging problem, touch is very sensitive and smooth , but the battery backup is a very big problem for this mobile, battery drains out very quickly. But overall it's a good smartphone in this price range.i have used both the micromax set , unite 2 and xl 2,but this is the best among them. Now, android has also been updated to lollipop. So it's good.plzzz buy this one.
-- The phone is absolutely good in the given price range. -- The touch response of the screen is perfect and like costly phones. -- The battery back is average, can't complain about it. -- Picture quality from the rare camera is good and the camera app has got additional options for photography. Test calls on Skype and Viber, the video quality is pretty decent. -- Switching between applications is great and there is no lag... literally. -- Google Now Launcher is by default in this... Say "Ok Google" from home page and you're done, calling, texting, scheduling meeting, Google search. -- Best thing is you can move apps from phone storage to memory card. Got a screen gaurd and 8 GB memory with the purchase with Amazon. For all the above, I give 4★s The biggest con for this phone is there is no home button on the screen or below it. To wake up the phone, need to press the power button every single time... a button could have been given on the screen or at least add a sensor; like double tap on the screen to wake up the phone. Bought this phone as a gift for my mom. She was really happy to get it with the add on items and liked the interface. 1★ extra for the happiness she got after receiving the phone. Overall: Best buy in the price and there is no match for it.
Micromax said that you get an updates .. as soon as possible but yet i did not find any updates regarding Android Lollipop on this phone, while others like Karbon and Motorala had already provided lollipop updates. Not able to keep their promise.
Waste of money..!! Mobile on/off key was not working from the second day..!! All Android phones are waste of money. Following will always happen if you use Android Phones. 1. Hangs Frequently 2. Application Crashes frequently 3. Operations/Apps stop working or not responding 4. Performance issue (phone performs very slow) 5. It runs lots of unnecessary apps/services in background 6. Operating system is not stable. if you will provide 4 GB RAM still the issue will remain the same. Guys i am a GEEK and an Android Developer , I suggest to purchase Windows or Apple phones
Hi, I purcased 1 Micromax Canvas A1 with Android One Mobile Phone from Amazaon on 19th Nov 2014. It reached me on 24th Nov 2014. It worked fine for 2 days but from today I am facing lots of issue. Suddenly there is no signal for Mobile network as well as WI Fi network. Seems the device has developed some problem with The network reception Chip (IC). In open air also the Network is fluctuating. Can I expect a replacement from Amazon? I don't feel the product is bad as some of my friend a re using this without any problem. I feel My device has some problem.
I received my phone in sealed pack, previously I used samsung galaxy duos there was a signal problem with it, with micromax there is no such problem, net is speed, camera is good, front cam is ok, since it is gift to my wife, she is satisfied, still not received lollypop, I don't no when I receive it, at present it is with kitkat 4.4.4, audio is also nice 60 percent close to my previous xperia x8, it is basic and advanced smart phone which doesn't need further changes regarding Google version changes
Battery back very poor. Replace with more backup for atleat 24 hrs. Now it is 4 to 5 hrs. And also it is hanging when call is received or called. Improve the device .withdraw from market forthwith.
got one for me 5 days back. experience is……“they have made it“… pros: 1)1 gb ram without bloatwares suffice for a phone to handle multitasking by now I have used all my fav apps which I use on a mobile ,and there is no lag. 2) 4 gb internal memory gives you 2.25 gb of user available storage but big thing is this that this is unified storage and you can download application in whole 2.25 gb unlike other phones of micromax and other companies which boast of 8 to 16 gb of internal memory but space for app download comes to be only 1.75 gb. besides you can transfer big part of applications to sd card while basic data remains on phone memory . default storage on sd is not provided. 3) mediateck quad core processor does its job apprieciably . handles big games and applications without any disappointment. one must use a task killer to limit backgroung processes to avoid lags and heating. 4) touch response is suburb . not like you get on unite2 like cheap devices. no compromise for price has been done on touch quality. 5) direct upgradation to latest android by google for two years makes the dealing unavoidable. 6) forgot the most important thing "its look" superb in this price range, sleek ,rounded ages , premium rubbery soft back, unibody look like lumia devices. camera flash placement. all make it look like a costly device one could boast of it if internet was not there. lols. camera quality is I can say satisfactory not impressive but considering the price it is not bad. however night shooting though there is a flash is not good. cons… 1) display though 218 ppi is not what you get on a samsung device . brightness contrast all is ok but not that thing which you get on samsung screens. I think its due to quality of LCD they are using. but it is not bad . some people will not even notice it. 2) sometimes when calling I notice mild heating 3) i personally don't like stock android keyboard and status bar with no direct toggles however problem is self solvable with notification toggle applications and keyboards available on google play . error problem in downloading apps, I haven't experienced except 2 times but that was solved on 2nd try. I must tell you I don't download big games on mobile , for that I use a tab. concludingly canvas a1 from micromax is THE DEAL. such a phone is not possible without a contract of 2 giants like micromax and google. if you are a beginner on android this device is going to satisfy you completely however my friends who have used high ended phones may find it not at par, but they too will appreciate it for whwt it provide in this little price comparing to there pocket vacuming costly mobiles.
Good to have this phone with in the range of a common man. It has many good qualities, which are similar to many highly priced phone, you get everything here in android one. 1. Good touch experience 2. Light weight 3. Larger display 4. Both Primary(5mp) and secondary(2mp) camera with satisfactory resolution and quality. 5. Good Processor. 6. Updated android version. 7. Good Battery backup and many more... :)
Battery is the worst part of otherwise the best phone. Battery doesn't even last 3 to 4 hrs. of use, plenty of time in a day needs charging. Whilst travelling it lasts only 40 minutes. Second worst thing is when we delete a photo for example, it deletes everywhere, evev the one uploaded in the Google drive. This means can't use the 15 GB free space that one can use. No phone book is given. Calling someone is very tedious. Good entry level toy.
This is a nice Phone with a Good performance. This new os Android One performing very well and deal several havey applications simultaniously. This Phone gives not only smooth performance but naver hangs. Screen brightness is satisfactory and gives clear display in out shide. It has 221 ppi display. Battery performance is also good. It gives 36 Hrs of backup with 3G and normal use. you can play all havey andriod game in this compact device.
An Awesome Device. The entire review is based for the 6.5 K segment. Not going to compare among others. First off, device : Screen at 4.5 inches, not the best display, but very bright colour reproduction, and also good viewing in sunlight Camera same camera as in Unite 2, but the software provided by google makes it easy to click picutres. The panorama and lens blur are great for clicking decent pictures. Low light resoution is OK, and there is no noise in any of the images I have clicked so far. front camera is 2 MP, so if youre a selfie-addict this will be a big draw Software. simply one word, AWESOME. go for it because of the software. seamless android, with no bloatware. intuitive, responsive and it also has google now updates are also there, so i think it will be a very nice experience overall. I think that in terms of software, this is the BEST phone by micromax so far. the UI is better than redmi or other competitiors. obviously, you can customize it to your needs. Heat? absolutely no heating issues at all so far. Battery. because of software optimisation, light use lasts well over a day. obviously will need charging once a day. however, light use of whatsapp and facebook from browser took me to 1.5 days Mobile internet. Works with airtel, reliance , tata, idea out of the box. contrary to one of the reviews I read earlier. Comparison with other devices. not needed. redmi 1s reviews are a clear indication its a crap device. 300 MB ram free on startup this phone had 700 MB free RAM at first boot. with 20 apps running, this phone has zero lag. gaming: if youre a serious mobile gamer, turn away. basic gaming is excellent. high end games will lad as it has mali 400 however, amazon's courier delivered it very late to me, not happy about that. but this phone gets a 9 on 10 for this segment... all I can say is that android one will rule the 5k to 10k segment. contrary to deepS's review I recommend a class 4 microSD bundled with this phone. no big improvements in performance. class 6 and 10's are for good DSLrs
Ordered on 25 sept and received on 29. But it's worth it. Android one, so you'll have the latest android in ur hands till next 2 yrs.Battery life is great according to me. Even the camera works well and let's not forget, you're getting HDR mode in a 6.5k phone! My mom owns a moto e and compared to it this phone has a brighter and crisper display. The phone also has a notification LED but I wanted it to be brighter like the moto. Heats up on continuous use and heavy gaming but the ram managent is good. I don't think 4gb ROM is less at this price and if u want more ROM, increase your budget. Still this is the best phone to buy under 10k.
Micromax Canvas A1 is a perfectly crafted mobile phone by Micromax.. I have experienced many glitches after 5.0 update.. It's fast but it heats up playing graphics intensive games like Asphalt .. Camera is not great for long shots and low light photography .. The display looks good and battery drains up pretty fast . The UI is fast and responsive .. It's an excellent phone for it's price .. Micromax have done a great job
This phone is superb. It has excellent ram management, it plays HD games smoothly even with some 10-12 apps running in background. No app or game crash at all. Camera is not good for usage in night or low light even during daytime. I use camera for taking pics of notes and it takes excellent pics even with zoom. It's an excellent phone in this price range. Build quality, sound quality everything's superb in this phone.
Amazing phone, and truly worth the price. Only 6,500/-. I received my set from amazon.com on 18th September early in the morning, being standard delivery it was too quick. this phone has all the features needed by a normal person in any smart phone. Pros - 4.5in screen, memory, camera(5MP and 2MP), 2gb space for apps, dual sim, it was everything else an android phone has. Cons - i observed a nick in the battery backup, its discharging in half a day.(maybe too much use for day 1), nevertheless my powerback wouls solve this issue. Overall - Cannot expect anything more than this at this price. A definite go ahead.! PS - I am an apple loyalist using iPhone 5, and this is my first personal android device, and I am loving it.!!!!!!
Amazing phone. Outperforms many devices that are double it's price. Delivery by Amazon was really quick(delivered in about 18-19hrs.). It's really smooth and doesn't lag (not even once in past month that I've had it). Google did a really good job at optimizing software for this hardware. I cannot think of any con that you can point out for a device at this price (or double it's price). Absolutely worth buying. 5*.
I have been using this phone for the last 6 months. This is one of the best phones I have ever laid my hands on. OS response is really fast and the occurrence of lagging is very infrequent. Gaming experience is quite good. Even I have been able to upgrade my Kitkat OS to Android's latest version Lollipop without any hitch. Screen resolution is also quite good. But, the major problem area is its battery life. On 3G networks it lasts hardly for 8-9 hrs. Even on 2G improvement is not worth enough. Another major problem that I noticed till now is that it, some times, does not detect bluetooth headsets at all. As a result I am not able to use my Phillips Bluetooth headset. Its really bad. Over all I would give it 4 out of 5.
IAm varun from india Description abt A1 This device premier look is awesome ,, Can play heavy games without frame drops fps It has never laged during multi tasking Almost its an google device ;its can achieve updates directly from google company Camera is better Battery backup stays for one day if u used this device heavier Free screen gaurd and 8GB SD card with this A1
Good phone.. Almost using it for three months, no issues still now. The battery comes for a single day for normal usage ( 2 hours radio, 1 hour song, 30 mins call , 30 minutes games ( clan of clash), 30 minutes fb & Whasapp). , performance is on par with nexus 4 (my previous phone was N4, I could not feel any difference) , more net usage and gaming usage heats the phone. Call usage doesn't heat the phone.
Everthing goning amazing with this phone. One cant get such marvlous feactures in this cost. But only one problem i am facing is that bluethooth is not accepting any application from another device even on downloading apkshare or even selecting unknown source . can someone help me regarding this althought this is not any disadvantage regarding phone the phone is dam assum and else everthing working good.
Firstly, I got this device before the delivery date. Thank you amazon and Indian post. Next, I have been using this device for sometime, this is my first android device and I m loving the experience, the only downside so far is the battery back up....but then except some exception every other android device has this problem. On a single charge it lasts nearly 20 hours of moderate to rough use.
Hi, I gifted this phone and my friend used after 10 days and mean time sending this phone back to Amazon was got over since its battery not working so wanted to return it. Its take 8-9 hours to recharge and in 1-2 hours it discharges. So let me know how to solve this issue. Regards, Rajendra
u cant get more than this in this price...lovely phone..
I bought this cell for my bro few days back.......got delivered yesterday thnxx Amazon for timely n well handled with care delivery.coming to Micromax Canvas A1 with Android One its simply the best phone ever in these price range alot of features with grt design look n style.Its superd fast phone n easy to get use to.If anyone thinking of buying this phone i would say GO FOR IT.....its of grt value
This mobile is equal to Moto G in it's build quality and Performance. The Camera clarity is good enough in this budget The touch screen is very smooth and responsive The display size is perfect for a smartphone All the apps work without any problem Battery lasts for a day, but it's comparatively better than other phones in this budget Love it <3 <3 <3
Product was delivered much before the planned delivery date. Android One looks decent and for such a low cost it is a great deal. Switched it on and inserted my microsim and everything worked perfect. I have received free 8 GB card as promised in the website and as well free screen guard. Overall I am very much satisfied with the service and as well satisfied with the phone. Great deal.
This is an excellent phone. Very happy with it so far. I have a Nexus 4 (which is about 18 months old) and this one matches or exceeds the Nexus 4 in most areas other than 2: 1. Battery capacity is a little less - but considering the BIG price differential, this is reasonable. With normal use (WiFi + Data plan ON) it lasts 1 full day or a little bit more. So, you have to be diligent about charging it almost every day - but that is the case with most phones anyway. 2. Cell Signal strength (on the same mobile carrier network from the same physical location) is a tiny bit weaker than my Nexus's signal. I haven't found this to be a big concern but you should be aware that the price difference does result in a few differences such as these. Another minor point which I wished was different was the rear camera protrusion - I wish there was no protrusion, but for this price and all the other pluses, I'll happily live with this!! I'm looking for a good case/sleeve. So, hopefully, this won't be even a minor issue if I find a good one that fits perfectly. Other than these 2, everything else about this phone is simply awesome. Keeping in perspective its price, I don't have complaints about anything including the minor points above. Thats why the 5 stars!! 1. Love the screen resolution and display quality - Not a gorilla glass, but I love it. 2. The sound quality is very good 3. The quad core-processor makes its presence felt. Haven't experienced any sort of lag with apps etc whatsoever. 4. The fact that it ships only with Google's regular apps and not a whole lot of other customized junk is a BIG plus in my mind. 5. Camera quality is very good (more than adequate for my needs). It won't throw a challenge to the high-end ones like iPhone/Nexus 5 or others, but this is very good quality at 5MP. 6. The form factor is perfect, simply perfect. The size of the device and the screen feels just right. I'm comparing this with my Nexus 4, which feels a tiny bit bigger than I would like. The A1 hits bulls-eye for me. 7. Newer micro-sim and the corresponding 3G speed benefits. Some phones in this segment support older (bigger) sim cards - which means the mobile data speed will be limited. 8. Finally, I bought this for my wife, as a replacement for her old model samsung. She is very very happy with this device. So am I. We don't play games, so I can't speak to how well this device does on some of the game apps. I don't know about other phones in this range - but from a bit of research I did, this felt like the right phone for us, and now we know it very much is. Way to go, Micromax!! Of course, Amazon rocks, as usual!!! No surprises there!
I have purshased the micromax max canvas mobile 15days ago.First of all thanks For Amazon for excellent services and the mobile is more than expected at this price range,the features are execellent,the only problem I faces is the Features of gallery,due to which downloaded videos,images could not be seen,i could not find it on screen .please help me how to see the storage files.
I have purchased it two days back and found it very impressive. Camera quality good. touch is very smooth and fast. No lagging between apps. But I don't know why but in 2 days I tried a lot but no apps were downloading. It only show screen of downloading but nothing downloads. I searched it and done the clear cache of Google Play Store, Factory reset, Nothing happend.
Oh! Had always been waiting for a low end priced smartphone with much of the features in it and this is the one. But with Redme1S out in Flipkart ,I might think once before I consider this. The screen size seems to be bit smaller than the Redme 1s and also the clock speed is bit less 1.3 GHz as compared to 1.6GHz of Redme 1s. Also the screen resolution is bit on a lesser side. The camera quality of Redme 1s comes with a better MP of 8 as compared to 5 of this one.The battery of Redme comes with a 2000mAh as compared to 1700mAh of this phone. But the "BEST'' part of this smartphone is the availability of the guaranteed Google updates for the next two years and also the availability of Micromax Customer care service Centres present almost everywhere these days as compared to very less service centers of Redme1S. Well if you want it for just to make calls ,browse internet and at times play some simple games,This phone is a STEAL! But with a price of 6k "Beat the Heat Fellas!' . Go for it!
lightning fast processing not even a single lag all games and apps works very fine battery is also decent only a bad part of phone is definately it's camera .other than that its an awesome phone. feels like working on flagship phone moto x if you have any query regarding this phone pls email:abhi.gpta.knp@gmail.com
All is good about The phone. There is no specific lag to complain about. Excited about receiving the lollipop update soon. But the camera quality is not that great. It's good for daylight photos & I feel that the power button has gone inside a bit when compared to the volume buttons. But I found that to be the same on all Micromax A1 devices. Overall a great budget phone.
I have purchased two A1 phone, both handsets are not giving vedio streaming even with 3g connection. The set has either low signal capture capacity or problem with steaming. I lost all my temper, while I sit inside home. At the same place, same connection in unite2 gives perfect streaming, but not A1. I sold out both handsets at low cost. Great loss for me. 9895020252
great delivery by amazon.within 4 days at panchkula. received the package in nice package and condition.will definitely look forward for more shopping with amazon. its early days for the product review but first impressions are good product by micromax. i will definitely recommend to all who are looking for a smartphone in this range.. stop ur search and buy this.
YES: 1. Nice Display resolution 2. Smooth touch interaction 3. Good sound quality. 4. No hangs and delays while using the browser and videos. 5. Brand new micromax HW(not same as previous micromax hw's) NO: 1. Ok.. ok.. head phones. 2. Screen protector quality. Finally its Simple & perfect smartphone.
Amazing Phone. Kudos to Amazon for delivering on time. I actually bought it the day it was released and I am happy to say that I am quite satisfied. The Good +Blazing fast speed (Nearly no hiccups at all in both kitkat and lollipop) +Good enough gaming performance (can handle Asphalt 8 @ high settings and Fifa 14 easily) +Good Enough Front camera +No bloatware (minimal as a result u have more free ram) +Good Design (compared to other Android One devices, not saying they are worse than this in anyway. It's basically the same) +Android 5.1 (It is the bugless, smoothest, most fluidic and best looking android version yet and this is the cheapest devices that is running this flawlessly apart from a slight lag in dialer everything runs @ 60fps) +Good Standby ( easily last 3 days on standby and 4-5 hours on continuous data connection on Android 5.1) +Decent Front camera +Loudspeaker ( Sound is loud and crisp and satisfies my expectations) The Not so Good -Rear Camera (muted and dull pictures, also very weak flash) -No Protection (screen guard is a must nothing to worry tho as 1 is provided in bag) -*Display (There's a reason why it performs fast. It's cause it has to push lesser pixels in the screen. But not a deal breaker as one needs to compare it immediately to know the difference) All in all it is a phone that gives everything that a new android user needs. If u want latest android with good performance at a very decent pricing then go for it guys. This is it!
Worst ever Mobile you can ever have at any price, primarily because the Battery turns into a 'Spongy Brick' after just 3 months of usage. Once the battery is out, there is high risk of explosion(there were many instances of Micromax Smartphones bursting because of batteries). Other points 1) may be to lower the price, they've used sub standard components on this phone. The screen sucks, draws a lot of power. 2) Worst design causes the device to slip from your hands very often. 3) Most of all accessories for micromax A1 are very pricey. 4) This Is the 'Cheapest' phone to 'Purchase' but 'Costliest' phone to 'Maintain'. 5) Screen resolution is OK but color rendition is third rate. 5) After 4 months of use, if your battery is still good to go, the phone will be very slow and nothing helps to fasten this up. 6)Audio was good enough. 7) Push switches(volume, power) wont respond after 5 months of use. 8) Camera was good, but sucks so much juice from battery. 9) If you have a spongy battery(within 3 months of purchase), u will need atleast a month to get a replacement. Service centres are pathetic and houses illiterate people who doesn't know how to handle a customer.
I'm using it from 6.11.2014. At first this is the best product someone can ever have at this price '6499 with a 8 GB memory card free. No one can compare it with any mobile In this price range. Android KitKat was good to use but now I am using Android Lollipop. That's great, lollipop comes with greater graphics. The phone is performing well till now. NETWORK: I have to say sometimes 3G network connection is not upto we need in this mobile. THERE IS NOTHING TO WORRY, NO SPEED PROBLEM OR NOTHING. ONLY 3G Network CAPTURING power is LOW. 2G network capturing power is even better than any mobile. PERFORMANCE: Processor performance wise it is BEST. Also there may be only 2.1 GB for apps installation but if someone wants to download greater app in size then there is nothing to worry about. THE BEST FEATURE COMES HERE. It automatically transfer maximum size to external memory card. So you can download as many apps as you want and the mobile don't lag at all. BATTERY: In this price it's not the best but it's OK. Average users will be able to use it whole day but if you're a NET addicted man then you need to charge it minimum twice a day. Otherwise it's average battery. CAMERA: Rear camera is good but front camera is the best considering the price. However in night camera quality goes down but in day it's the best. I WRITE ALL THESE POINTS CONSIDERING THE PRICE..... Overall this is the best mobile in this price range overtaking Unite2...... I'm very happy to have it..... Pros: 1. Stock Android 2. Superb Touch 3. Sexy Look or Excellent look 4. Slim 5. Camera( in this price range) 6. Sound quality 7. No Lag at all 8. High graphics games run smoothly 9. No apps storage problem Cons: 1. Battery
1. The delivery was very quick. I got it in les s than 24 hours. 2. The packaging was all good. I opened the box and found a screen guard and a 8GB memory card(as promised by amazon). 3. User Interface is fantastic! This phone is way better than those above 10k Samsung phones in which you face lag issues in games like Subway Surfers. 4. Camera is good. It is not that bad as a lot of people think. You can click a lot of nice photos in daylight. But in dim light you will have to face problems. But then you can't ask for too much under 7k. 5. Battery backup is something that should have been better. I bought this phone because I don't use it all the time while I'm out. I listen songs while commuting, play some games, use a little internet. That's all I do. 6. Sound quality is above average I'd say. But headphones are not that great(very little bass). 7. As promised by Google, I got the Android Lollipop 5.1 update a week back and it has helped a lot. Battery backup has improved significantly. Now it gets fully charged early and battery lasts 30 minutes more. Not to mention those graphics and buttery UI after the Lollipop update! Overall, I'd say that this phone was one of the best low-priced phones at the time of it's release. As of Now, I'd recommend you to buy Moto E(2nd Gen). P.S. I will get more system updates in the next 1.5 years!
this phone is my first android experience, and it turned out to be a really smooth one. I am a developer myself and the phone do not have any problem to run native apps directly from development ides. you would get drivers at either micromax site or on androidxda.com. I got my lollipop update instantly. Use at least a class 8 micro sd, otherwise the camera would become slower after lollipop update. My review: camera-> very good, low light visibility is not great, but it's good, though the hdr mode sometimes produces over saturated colors and brings in additional noise. Front camera is good. Very good at this price range. The copper like camera surrounding gives it a very elegant look. Hardware-> mine is white, looks premium, feels premium. The screen though attracts a lot of fingerprints. Given screen guard is not great but not bad either. Gameplay-> Here comes the actual awesomeness. You can move big games to your external sd. First installation was asphalt 8. Gameplay felt like breeze. Dead Trigger, Nova 3 etc all "in" games felt good. I mean really good. Battery-> NOT GOOD. The battery can barely manage a day. The phone should have at least a 2100mah battery. But if you do not do much, leave the phone just idle, believe me the phone would give you at least 2 days easy. Display-> Good, crisp and sexy. The phone heats up little bit from time to time on wifi usage, 20-25 mins of gameplay. But that's manageable. Overall-> a cheap, budget oriented really smart phone. The stock android experience is awesome. I am loving it.
I have given it 1 star as this is the least i can give. I am giving low rating for 2 reason ,1- Delivery issues from Amazon 2. Bad service support by Micromax. I ordered it on 10/102014 and opted for cash on delivery and one day delivery(Rs 99). As expected i got the call from delivery person on 11 th around 6 PM. I explained him my land mark . I stay in inidra nagar 80 feet road in Bangalore and i don't think any delivery person from Bangalore would have any difficulty in locating Chinmaya Hospital in Indira nagar. Since i did not hear from that guy for next 1 hr i called him again around 8 PM. To my disappointment, he said that he had so many other items to deliver at old airport area , hence he cannot come to my place. And he asked me to come to a nearest point which was about 2 Km from my home. Since i wanted to gift this phone to someone i went up to him to collect it. Also, his swiping machine was not working hence i had to look around for an ATM to withdraw cash for the payment. You don't expect this after paying Rs 99 extra fro one day delivery. Now on phone. It was working well for few months . But one day after a low battery shutdown phone never turned on. I did some basic level analysis using a similar phone and found out that phone was not sending battery voltage properly. Same day i went to the service center in marathahalli M/S Mobileseva. There i had my biggest disappointment. Those guys know only 2 things 1- Software update 2- Factory reset. Finally with great difficulty i convinced them on the problem. The service center person told me that they would have to send this to factory in delhi and would take minimum 35 days. As the phone was under warranty i agreed to the same. They took another 30 min. to prepare a job sheet for the same as the lady doing that was not experienced.( Ok..i can understand that once i was also a fresher). Finally i returned home with the job sheet. This happened on 10th Feb 2015. No it is already 43 days , i am yet to get a proper reply. And the most disappointing thing is that they never answer your call. I have made at least 100 or more attempts to connect to them and was successful only 2 times. So in my opinion, Micromax phone may be good as long as you don't have to approach a service center. Once you have some issue then better buy a new phone than going to a service center.
Bought this phone as I was looking for small screen phone as all other latest phones in the market are big screen phone, was surprised with the performance of this phone and at this price it is a very good buy. Best thing is you will get all the updates to OS immediately from google as soon as they release it not like other phones where you have to wait for months. Pros: • Best phone in this category and price • Touch screen is very good and response is as good as Samsung phones • I think it is cheapest phone available with all the great features • Both the cameras(Front and Back) works perfectly and you get very good pictures • Very good design , slick , small Cons: • Limited storage : If you download lot of applications you will find storage is very less , you cannot move applications to SD • Battery can be improved • Camera is good but for night shoot or low light shoot are not good, flash can be improved Over all Perfect screen. Good size. Very responsive. Good wifi. Many extra features I like the phone and so far it is working very well from last 4-5 months without any single issue.
Its a decent budget phone ... dont expect anything miraculous out of it . You get what you pay for. Pros:- 1.Decent specs for the price it offers. 2.Decent performance for day to dat normal tasks. 3.Handles mid- high level games with mid level graphics without any issues . 4.Does not hang , though lags a bit after u exit playing high graphics game like Asphalt , real racing 3 etc. which is normal in all phones . 5.Its a dual SIM phone , both 3G GSM supported. 6.Build quality is fairly decent , have dropped it once from chest height (had no case on it) and it survived it nicely. 7.Camera quality is surprisingly good for a 5 MP shooter, front facing 2MP camera takes decent quality selfies in good lighting conditions. 8. As its vanilla android , comes with no bloat ware and many people like it that way . Cons:- Now coming to the bad part. 1. One that bothers me the most is the very very very small internal memory .You get only 2 Gb memory for your applications. As many large apps reside on phone memory and cant be moved to SD card you will be forced to uninstall applications now and then . I am now left only with 400 Mb of space with only 45 third pary apps installed . This is a major major drawback . 2.No display protection features like Gorilla Glass . You need to be very carefull with the screen , its delicate . 3. The battery life is just average or I must say below average. Even with mid level use you will rush to the charges before your day ends . In my case my day starts at 7: 30 am . By 5 pm or so I am left with 20-25 % of battery with mid level use . 3G data is not even on all the time . If you keep your location on all the time its even worse . 4.Not a good phone if you are a gamer. It plays mid- high level games with mid level graphics without any issues but the back of the phone , specifically area near the camera on the back gets extremely hot . One can use to massage you body and I am not kidding . Even 10 mins of gameplay will shoot the temperatures upto 43-45 deg Celcius which is pretty darn high . I am not sure if its only for my piece. Yet a point to be considered before buying it . 5.Google promised that this phones will receive updates first , at the time of writing this review (Feb 26 ,2015) I am yet to receive 5.0 lollipop update. google nexus 5 , Moto G old and new generation , Moto x have already got it one month back .Google the maker of the OS is lagging behind OEMs like Motorola .Google failed to delivered its promise.One of the main reason for me to buy the phone was timely updates like Nexus at cheaper cost. I feel Google has cheater its loyal customers. To top it google has made no attempts to make any public announcement for the reasons of delay and the timelines of the update if it ever would come to Android one phones.
I was in the lookout for an inexpensive dual sim mobile which supports 3g on both the sims. While I was browsing the amazon site I came across a deal where this mobile was being sold for 4999 INR. I immediately booked it. Prior to buying this mobile i knew that only the android one and the asus zenfone 4 phones being sold under 5K supports 3g on both the sims. Zenfone 4 retails at 5.2K with very poor battery life (one of my colleague owns one). Therefore picking up this android one phone at 5k with stock android was a no brainer. If you compare this phone with zenfone 4 it is superior in all aspects. Note that i have a redmi 1s but that does not support 3g on both sims. Moto E also supports 3g on both sims but paying 2k extra for a far inferior spec-wise product wasn't something that i wanted to go for. I also managed to buy lenovo a6000 in the very first sale at FK but cancelled the order when i got to know that sim2 of lenovo a6000 does not support 3g. Now that i have made my reason for buying this phone clear, i will list down the pros and cons after a week's usage to help prospective buyers. Pros: - Superb VFM pricing. 8gb memory card and free flip cover was included in the package. Can't ask for more, can I? - Good display with good viewing angles - Stock android with guaranteed update for the next 2 years (android 5.1 coming very soon, confirmed) - Good network reception on both sims - Latches onto 3g network on both sims brilliantly. Where my data cards failed to latch on to bsnl network this one does so effortlessly. - Very good wifi range. I use wireless tethering using this mobile and in my 2bhk flat I can get ranges in all corners of the house. This was not possible with my data cards. - The white color looks cool and i am happy that this color was available in the deal - Call quality is decent - Decent battery back-up. With tethering continuously on, i get a solid 8-10 hours of battery back-up which is pretty decent. I use tethering for 4-5 hours daily. The battery lasts for a day and I am happy. Cons (if i have to nitpick): - USB OTG is not supported - RGB colors not supported by the LED notification light . Only red and green colors supported. I tried light flo app to change the LED notification light but it did not work. - Switching between data on both the sims takes a good 10 seconds - Average camera. At a similar price point i am yet to come across a camera better than redmi 1s - Pathetic screengard included in the package. You have to be a pro to install it without air bubbles. - Takes an awful lot of time to charge the battery even with a 1.5A charger Let me also tell you that apart from these budget phones i also own lg g2 and one plus one so my impressions about this phone is no way influenced by the other flag ship phones that i own. If your requirements are similar to mine, just go ahead and buy this phone. This is really an awesome VFM stock android budget mobile which supports 3g on both the sims.
This review needs a lot of clarification. The plastic shell and the phone itself seem alright. The screen is advertised as 4.5 inches big, but, it is not! The "home/back/options" buttons are "part" of the screen ... so this feels more like a 4 inch screen phone. The biggest problem is the software. Android One was Google's promise of providing the latest + greatest features of Android on cheap phones for the 3rd World. Google has failed on this promise, at least as of Feb 2015. So, don't expect any Android OS updates for this phone or any other Android One device. The Play Store on Android One just DOES NOT WORK. Just google for "Android One Play Store does not work" and you will see a lot of "suggestions" none of which work. Bottom line: even though the phone continuously bothers you to update the apps on it, the phone NEVER updates any of the apps because it can't!! This is a know and unresolved software flaw with Android One. The phone comes with a lot of bloat-ware, so it is NOT a pure Android experience. Rooting this phone is not easy. I can guarantee you that Framaroot 1.9.4 cannot root this phone. You have to go through an extensive procedure to root this phone. If you don't know what you are doing ... don't attempt to root this phone. Just pack it up and request a refund. Yes! I am stating this clearly: if you cannot root this phone, it is a useless piece of junk. Don't waste your time and money getting frustrated with the stock ROM. And, yes, I am openly suggesting that this is a great device if you know how to "follow" instructions and also "hack" your way around if you mess up the phone during the rooting process (I did ... and I had to go through some unlisted steps to get it to boot again!). But, if you are successful at rooting the phone you will have some ray of hope. If you fail in your rooting process you would have just wasted your 6K! Once you have rooted this phone you can install CM on it. That installation is quite simple, but getting to that stage where you can load up CM on this phone involves jumping through too much fire and hoops. CM transforms this phone into a fantastically useful device. Lastly ... the battery is very poor ... it hardly lasts for 1/2 a day.
Comparing micromax canvas a1 vs moto e...I was using moto e earlier...and gave it to my dad...hence purchased canvas a1 with android one.. 1.canvas comes with a mediatek processor and it does lag... 2.canvas a1 comes preinstalled with some bull crap apps like ask me...which consumed 7℅ of my battery...2nd highest...big negative... 3.backup time with medium usage is about 16 hours...but without ask me probably could have made 20-22 hours...(I am afraid to disable this app ask me since it says the system might misbehave.. ;) 4.display is not as good as in moto e... 5.today is 31st Jan...and still no update to lollipop...big failure on the part of google...failing to deliver what they promised...wondering why I chose it... 6.touch is good... 7.camera is not something I can boast abut..only goog thing is the front camera.. I will not make any suggestions if u should buy this product or not..but as far as I am concerned...after using moto e...using canvas a1 was a downgradation in my experience...
After bragging about my phone among my colleagues and telling all of them how noble initiative is this Android One from Google, the real colors of this phone have started to show up. The power button is not working for the past three days. It is extremely difficult to get the phone functioning, as the display cannot be brought back until I switch on the power button. Remember that this is a 1700mAh battery. The display consumes 70 % of the battery power on an average. So I had to keep the setting to the lowest (1 min) for it to auto switch off. I removed the cover and thought that it might be some dust blocking the operations of the power button. But it is not the case. I found out a way to bring back the display. Plug in the charger and remove it. Then you can make calls. receiving calls is still OK. i am wondering what kind of quality assurance Micromax follows. I am still covered by the warranty. But imagine the pain of searching a MicroMax service centre . I don't know what is the issue. Let me share my feedback once I visit the centre.
guys i have been using this mobile since a month.. the pros are: u can get a good decent camera which is 5 mp with flash, and u wont find any lag.. u find a great smooth touch quality, gaming is awesome.. u can play even higher games.. the mobile performance is really good.. and the android version s 4.4.4 and it can be upgradeable to 5.0 lollipop.. and guys its a google mobile so u dont have to worry about the updates.. u will get everything the latest version untill the next year that is upto 2016. and guys the CONS that is the defects of mob is that its battery drains.. but guys u can say it is better than moto e battery.. and the next thing is the mobile gets heated up only if u play online games.. and u wont get a gorilla screen which is scrath proof, so u have to apply the screen guard.. the best thing u get is u get a earphone and a charger, data cable, screen guard and 8 gb class 6 memory card free in packaging along with this mobile.. i can say that it beats moto e in performance base... i enjoy using this mobile.. thank u guys this is my true review.. hope u all like this.. thank you.. u can buy it with eyes closed..
This is a next generation feature packed Android smartphone that can do more stuff than a phone of double its value. The phone will receive Android 5.0 Lollipop update by January end. That means as of now this is the cheapest device to run the latest Android 5.0 Lollipop. The biggest plus point of this phone will get all the Android versions update which will release in the next 2 years. That means it will obviously get Android M, N, and probably O release also. The updates for this phone comes directly from Google that means the manufacturer cannot block the update on its wish. The phone runs Stock-Android 4.4.4 KitKat out-of-the-box. Stock-Android is made by Google itself and it means its not at all modified by the device manufacturer. Stock-Android is the same software that runs on the Nexus Phones and the Google Play Edition phones. This clearly means that you get top end software performance and feel from this phone. The phone literally never lags while multitasking or navigating around the phone. The software is pure Android so it doesn't consume any extra data other than what you use in your apps. The responsiveness of the device is just not found at this price on any other phone. You get all the Google apps pre-installed and they work seamlessly. The phone can run most messaging/social/communication apps with absolute ease. On the Gaming front it can run most of the latest games without any lag. The phone runs Asphalt 8 pretty well. You might think with just 4GB of internal storage how can this phone manage heavy games like Asphalt 8 which are itself about 1.2GB for download. It can do it because it shifts huge apps to your SD card(which comes free with this phone ~8GB). So games like Asphalt 8 occupy just about 30MB on your internal memory which is negligible. The memory management is awesome on this phone and you will never have a problem despite it having just 4GB of internal memory. The rear 5MP camera has a LED Flash which is lacking on the Moto E. It can shoot 1080p HD videos and the Google Camera app has a ton of features such as photosphere and lens blur. On the sensors front it packs : Proximity Sensor Gyroscopic Sensor(not even Moto G has this.) Light Sensor Magnetic Sensor The gyroscopic sensor means it can do Photospheres right out-of-the-box which even the Moto G can't. The build quality is pretty awesome at this price point. It packs a 4.5 inch IPS display with crisp resolution which is more than sufficient. The network performance is pretty good. Call quality is also good. Conclusion : This phone is the best in the lower end class and the cheapest to run the awesome new Android 5.0 Lollipop by Google.
A wonderful phone. Its comparable to any high end phone i guess. Have tested the phone for everything except calls since a micro sim is needed but call quality is rarely if ever an issue nowadays with any phone.. It worked perfectly except for the downloading from playstore which sometimes fails to respond. The remedy is to go to apps , download manager and clear the data and cache of the download manager app. This problem I have faced in my Moto G too so it is not specific to this phone and is maybe due to playstore issues or the download manager app. The phone looks neat however i dont personally like the metallic circle around the camera but others may like it. Its slim and just the right weight and size. Display is quite nice keeping in mind the resolution. You wont be disappointed. Processor speed brilliant. Free RAM quite sufficient. Connected to the PC and the sd card showed up. Internal memory is not accessible on PC. Alongwith a proximity sensor and ambient light sensor it also has a gyroscopic sensor as well as magnetic sensor and it is from Bosch. Very nice. I checked that the sensors are present and then also downloaded Compass app which worked perfectly. The battery seems ok but then i dont have any sim in the phone so cant really say about that. All in all no drawbacks at all except for the unknown as yet battery life and the fact that i hace to buy a scratchguard also now along with a protective coversince somehow i did not find a scratchguard inside the box though the free SD card was attached externally to the box and was a class 6 card. Thanks Cloudtail and thanks Amazon. I guess the scratchguard not being inside is not the fault of the seller nor of Amazon. And yes the silly apps which cant be removed, though there are just a couple or so like Hike messenger, some google apps which are in every google phone and of course MLive which doesnt even work asking you to update and it doesnt update.at all. And Amazon please try not to use ARAMEX as courier. The package was badly packed and handled. The box was damaged since there was no external box over the product nor was there any bubble pack to keep it from shaking and prevent damage. I was relieved to find that there was no apparent damage to the product. Your own Amazon Delivery service is exceptional comparatively. Further Aramex does not update their tracking in a timely way and their delivery persons did not handle the package carefully as he should have. Please stop using Aramex..
This should really get 3 1/2 stars. It's a good phone for the money. However the little user's manual that comes with it couldn't be worse - it does not tell you how to do a single thing with the phone, so if it's your first android phone, you'll be online a lot trying to figure out how to do even the simplest things with it, a virtually nothing is intuitive. And the camera is mediocre at best. Fine for taking a picture of a friend who is 6 feet away, but forget landscapes. There is no zoom or ANY other adjustable setting, so if you're thinking that this might replace a real camera (as I did), then forget it. It did work well as a mobile hotspot in a remote area though. Beware installing your data card - the instructions indicated that the little metal clip opened up, but it didn't - it just bent and then broke off. So now I have to be careful opening the phone, as the SD card will fall out. It holds dual micro sims though - handy if you are in an area where it can change within 500 meters which carrier gets better reception. I signed into my Google email while traveling and and it automatically transferred my entire contact list onto the phone - VERY annoying!!! All-in-all though, you probably can't get a more capable phone anywhere for the little over $100 that this one cost.
Hello everyone I have been using this from a week now. I have heard many of us saying there is no led notification or the heating issue. I would like to tell you all there is led notification in this phone you dont need to install any third party application for the same and secondly it doesnt heats up whille using internet or charging. But yes while playiong games it tends to heat up which is bearable. There are some pros and cons of the phone as follows: Pros:- 1) The first thing its phone from google manufactured by mmx, the quality of the phone is good, feels great in hand. 2) The touchscreen is very responsive, real responsive. 3) You will receive regular update as software is manufactured by google. So you will receive all the updates for next 2years. 4) Viewing angles are good, not great and neither bad. 5) It can play games super smooth. 6) This phone really looks impressive in hand, looks beautiful. Cons:- 1) First seriously battery drains fast, if you use internet, play games than battery goes down within 3-4 hours max. 2) Charging takes a lots of time, seriously lots of time. If you are really looking for phone with performance within budget than go for this phone its really awesome phone. But, if you are looking for phone for hardcore gaming with good battery life than I would not suggest you this phone. But for me this is a best budget phone that you can get within Rs. 6000. I have not bought this phone from amazon, I bought it from local vendor for 6000, might be if you bargain well you can get it for 5800 or 5900 also. Just try your luck in market. This is my first review and i hope you all like this.
I bought this phone for Rs. 5.9k and it is worth around 5k. The fairly large screen and the software are its primary USPs. Technically, other reviewers have shared their point of views. This is from a value for money point of view. The way phones have evolved, we are bound to see good OS based smartphones in the 5k category in the coming few months.If you love to have an awesome OS and nothing else matters much, this is outstanding value. 1. Google Keep - You can update your to do things with reminder on https://keep.google.com/ and the phone will automatically reflect it instantly and remind you. You can also set the reminders from the phone with the Keep app. You can touch a record button, speak and the software translates it and then you can set it as an action item to be reminded on this app. 2. Ability to call someone with a single touch 3. Smooth email and youtube access 4. Maps that can give you voice over instructions is very accurate (works smooth even on GPRS speed if you are in the main road) 5. Upgrade option to latest version of OS in the first quarter of 2015 Not so good things: 1. Battery is just good for a day - just like most smart phones 2. Two cameras, neither of them are worth it. Back camera takes decent picks only during day time
I recommend this phone to all who are looking for a budget phone...... I never experience such a smooth touch experience in any other phones (including samsung galaxy grand quattro-my existing phone)... surprised to see this one surpasses quattro in antutu rating ....!!! some features where this phone wins over samsung galaxy grand quattro : ( I checked these two phone side by side) Butter smooth touch experience.....Faster apps loading..NO lags....faster net browsing...quicker camera photos...more sensors ..especially gyroscope.. which enable us to take 360 degree moving photos....which is far better than usual panorama shots....(this feature is ONLY available in phones with GYROSCOPE sensor...quattro doesnt have this....!!!) another feature is the ability to take pictures with VOLUME BUTTON.....!! this makes SELFIES easier than ever....!! I bought this for my wife... but now I wish to swap it with my existing samsung galaxy grand quattro......!!! because this one wins over it by all means.....!!!!
This is my first electronic purchase from Amazon and I am very much satisfied with the services provided right from order placement till delivery. Got my phone delivered within the delivery date , actually two days earlier. Packaging is great , good protection. This phone is really smooth to operate and play games .Although it only has a 1700mah battery, under normal use(facebook , whatsapp , 1 hr gaming ,moderate browsing, downloading apps ) it can last about 6-7 hrs with 3g on . Rest all specs can be found anywhere so I am not getting into those details. This is a budget phone , so be ready to compromise with camera quality. camera is decent enough to take pictures in normal light, flash is bright, Call quality is good and very clear. General Advice: Before selecting a budget phone, please give priority to your budget and usage pattern. Dont compare the products and their features from different price ranges. Do so only if u are willing to pay that extra for those features.
Excellent Phone as compared to Moto E and other competitors in the market. The RAM is working very fine and the apps are working amazingly perfect. So, if you want to buy this product, here's an honest review from my end as I have purchased it before 22 days from today: Pros: 1. Excellent RAM at this price. 2. 5 MP camera works brilliant. 3. Features in the camera are too good for the price you give. 4. Google's latest android version KitKat. 5. The secondary camera is very good in external light. 6. Phone doesn't heat up at all even if we use continuous 3G or talk for long hours. 7. The headset quality is excellent as compared to other Micromax devices. Cons: 1. Battery backup isn't too much. It gives around 8-9 hours if we use continuous 3G. 2. It doesn't have any useful apps by default. Like we have to install an app for each of file manager, etc. 3. The UI isn't so good as it is of Micromax but still we should be happy at this price. I would recommend this product very much guys as this is the best phone at this price.
Got this phone with Amazon @10% cash back with HDFC Card offer so it was a good deal to get. Product was sent by speed post and it reached well before scheduled time. Product is good and review is as below: Pros: 1. Google Collaboration: Canvas A1 is in association with Google with hardware and software specification provided by Google. 2. Kitkat: This mobile comes with Kitkat so a plus point. 3. Voice Clarity: The voice was very clear during calling. 4. Screen Size, Camera: 4.5 inches screen, with 5 megapixel auto-focus rear and 2 megapixel front camera Amazing. 5. 1.3GHz Mediatek Quad Processor with Mali 400MP2 GPU and 1GB Ram: AMAZING..... Never felt any lag using this mobile. Cons: 1. Battery: 1700 Mah is on a lower side for a smart phone but as I purchased this mobile for my mom and she does not uses it a lot it gives 30 hours battery backup. 2. Camera Auto focus: Although auto focus is provided but it is of no use. No matter how stable hands you have pic comes a bit blurry when you zoom in. This makes HDR mode crap. 3. Updates from Google: Also it was said will receive 2 years guaranteed updates from Google (Main reason I purchased this phone). I am still waiting for lollipop update. Rumours also say that Android One mobiles will get a hint of Google updates rather than the full updates. Will come to know in the coming days. In short If you have high usage of phone 3G, Wifi, Facebook, What's app, and lots of social networking then this phone is not for you. Else you will need a spare battery or power bank to keep your phone charged.
Awesome software & hardware but there are some bad things, those I'm telling here. Else everything is superb. 1. Bad quality plastic used in side curves outside the screen, that gets itself hurt from nowhere. 2. In the box head-phone is not good at all. Use Samsung 6'4500 headset to get pretty good quality output. 3. Given screen guard is also of such bad quality that the screen will look foggy after few days of use. 4. Camera picture quality if far better in 'moto e' though that doesn't have any LED flash (both uses Google Camera as their System Camera App). 5. No onscreen 'Notification Toggle' section for (i) Data Connectivity, (ii) Auto Screen Rotation. 6. No Reboot option & can't get back from Airplane Mode to Normal Mode by long pressing Power Button. User have to Toggle Notification Bar. Leaving these things behind, its a such quality phone that will make you feel the Classy. The Best of Android in a small pouch & price pack. The pocket friendly Nexus for us... The Android One.
The phone is really good. Its quite good to hold in your hand with its rubberized back. It's quite snappy as well in terms of performance thought I have not subjected it to heavy performance loads. Even the battery lasts easily for more than a day with moderate usage. The speaker quality is nice, the voice is quite clear and loud. The only downside is would say is the camera performance which could have been much better and the issue that you cannot take pictures without an SD card inside is also a negative point i would say but i guess this was specifically designed so by Google to meet their goal of creating a good device at entry level. All in all pretty happy with the phone but extremely disappointed with the Amazon delivery experience. Out of three items I have bought of Amazon till now, this is the second time I got the item much after the delivery date and I stay in central Bangalore where there should be no issues to get things delivered on time. I have not faced these issue with any other shopping portal. They took a really long time to deliver the product. I received it 4-5 days later from the date of expected delivery date and the person handling the Amazon transport services was also quite rude when we asked them regarding the package status. The Amazon customer care service was quite good though.
Really great phone with awesome specs. Just felt the camera on a down side, though i don't care as i got it for Rs. 6,249!! People who are looking out for better camera and screen may opt for Moto G as it provides stock android experience but its processor and battery will let you down. Xiaomi Redmi 1S can never be matched with this. I easily get the battery for a complete day with moderate calls, surfing, gaming and listening music. About 25% of the battery would be remaining at the end of the day for me. Popular games such as Subway Surfers, Temple Run 2, Ski Safari, Angry Birds, Fruit Ninja and Riptide GP works without any lag or frame drops. I have not encountered any incident of lagging or crashing during the whole usage of my phone. Anyone who is on a budget of less than Rs. 10,000 can definitely go for this. Personally, i really liked the smoothness and freedom of stock android than other phones with their custom user interfaces which degrades the performance of the phone. I don't understand why Android One phones are not gaining much popularity in the Indian market. Android One has been misunderstood by our Indian community and i feel that it is a great phone for and average smartphone user. Please note that anyone who is looking for hardcore gaming or any other high end experience should not buy this smartphone. Its strictly limited to above average or moderate usage.
Considerable good phone for its budget. However small changes can make the phone best for its budget. 1. Option for dual SIM Contacts to display instead of syncing unnecessary Contacts from various sources. Though we have option to select display Contacts with SIM only, it display all Contacts with email id, and at times multiple SAME NAME without any number ( cause that person would have created multiple users name in Google ) and no easyway to select the unwanted names from Contacts list and delete, In-spite of hard struggle we delete the Contacts individual, it gets synced from somewhere or the other and again displays unwanted Contacts. It’s very annoying at times. 2. Option to save Contacts directly to either of the SIM’s. 3. Assigning ringtone to individual Contacts or different network ( SIM 1 & SIM2) 4. Simple option from Contacts list, like swiping either left or right side gives option to call or message the individual. 5. Easy option to make calls or msg from SIM 1 or SIM 2, instead of permanently selecting or pop-up msg everytime . ( Eg. In the drag screen from above, option to select SIM 1 or SIM 2) Thank You.
Coming to the device, its prefectly awesome !! This is the best phone at such a cheap price. Even i could play the games that lags in Moto G 2nd gen. Camera quality is great both front and back and till now i have'nt seen any kind of lag in the device. I was excepting the lolipop update ASAP but unfortunately i have'nt got any notification, Moto G got the Lolipop update (Bcoz its a google company i guess :p ) And the most important point is the airtel bulls*** offer !! I just googled "How to activate airtel internet on android one" and procedure was pretty simple you just need to visit the site [...] through your mobile browser & hit activate !! so i tried to browse through my local WiFi network but their was a message that u need to access this site using airtel internet. So i just recharged a chota internet pack for browsing the site & i have suucessfully completed the procedure, even i got a message which Say 100 MB for 6 months.. bla bla bla !! n dial *125*247# to check the internet balance. Now when ever i tried try to check the balance its say "Sorry this service is not available for a moment". This was the most annoying part and even more annoying was whenever i call airtel customer care many of the their guys don't even knew about android one offer ... wdf !! Finally i found a guy who kept my phone on hold for 10 mins did some research & told me that you have activated and internet pack before so u could not activate now... this was the first time i was using airtel & its not a smartphone network its a bulls*** network !! so if your are expecting the airtel playstore & software update offer so just forget it.
I have graduated to Android One from the Moto E, mainly because the latter does not have an autofocus camera (which means absolutely s***ty images) and a front camera. Google has made sure that everything that an Android phone should have has been crammed into this device, and has yet managed to keep the price so low. I'm moreover stoked that timely updates for this phone will be released by Google itself. About the handset, I'd like to say that it's a very well built device, and if I just have to bring out one fault, I'll talk about its screen resolution which is a bit low compared to other similarly priced devices (e.g. Xiaomi Redmi 1S or even the Moto E). The back 5MP camera is truly awesome, and so is the battery life. The device can keep going for 24 hours without any charge provided you do not play games or use it for other heavy tasks. Performance is lightening fast, to say the least. The build quality is strong, but there's no Gorilla Glass protection, so you'll need to take care of the screen. The handset is quite slim which makes it a treat to hold in your hands. I love to phone till now and recommend this to anyone with a sub-Rs 7000 budget.
I will start my review by saying that micromax (karbonn and spice) along with google have really the whole smartphone era to the next level with this smartphone. Like all other products this one also has some cons. I have tried to list them down below. But again I would like to mention that at this budget this is one of the best smartphones one can get in the current market. This fact even gets more strength when you consider that it will get latest android updates for the next 2 years. Pros: 1. 4.5 inch Screen large enough for proper viewing. 2. At this price the camera they are providing is way beyond what I had assumed. It even records the video in 1080p. 3. Decent battery backup. It holds up quite well for a full day of normal use. 4. I have tried may high end games on this device and none of them lagged. I really doubted this handset to pull off such a great performance. Some of the games I tested on this device are COD strike force and asphalt 8. 5. I felt that overall app performance was very smooth on this device. It may be due to the stock android running on the device. Cons: 1. Device gets little warm (using the term 'hot' would be inappropriate I think) on the top beside the camera when some intensive tasks are performed like high end gaming. 2. I felt that the device weighs a little too much. It may be that I have been recently using some light weight handsets of similar form factor that made me say this. Again this point is completely subjective and may vary from person to person. 3. The plastic material used to build the outer shell has a little cheap feel to it. One of my family member had an experience of poor customer service provided by micromax. If you are thinking of purchasing this product then I would recommend considering this factor as well. I took the risk as the product they are providing is of astounding quality and performs amazingly well at a very budget friendly rate. From the very beginning I was mentally prepared for the poor service that I would be getting from micromax once I start facing some issues (I hope it never happens:P).
I don't need another phone, but when I read about Google introducing this high-spec smartphone for India I couldn't resist the temptation to buy and try one. Do not let the low price fool you - this is a fully-featured Android One phone with all the bells and whistles you would get on a phone that costs five times more! I use my phone as a music player, as a phone, as satellite navigation for the car, for social networking and for my Google account, including Gmail, Contacts, keep, etc. It is absolutely faultless and performs well in all conditions. I do not play games on my phone (because I actually have a life) so I can't say how good this phone is as a games machine. The dual sim is fun, and the camera (and the software it comes with) is amazing. I have used Skype with the front camera for an hour or more, and I actually didn't realise that I was on the Android One phone - I thought I was using my Samsung Galaxy S4 until I hung up the call! Battery life is good, the phone looks and feels good, and I really wonder why anyone would even consider buying an iPhone with the Android One being so very good and so very cheap! Thank you Google!
Phone : 5 star Amazon service : 2 star This was my first buy from amazon and also last one. I ordered it on 24th Oct they told me I should receive it in 1st Nov which was already very late but when I got my product it was 5th Nov. This was very much frustrating. The packaging was very bad with no air bags or etc. Though my parcel was not harmed. So I am writing this review after using it for 6 days. I listing out the problems which I faced with this phone : 1. The Strontiam 8gb memory card came with it did not worked with this phone so I inserted my old memory card and it worked. Later when I inserted Strontium card to another phone it worked. 2. Play Store problem : that was a frustrating one. At first I was not able to download anything from play store. Then I tried downloading 3rd pard app market using chrome browser and updated play store with it. And now it works fine. 3. When connected with PC with xp did not recognised it as a USB storage but later on win 7 it worked fine. Overview : Without these problems I got a very nice experience with this phone. 1. No problem with cut sim. 2. Battery is not sufficient but its OK. 3. Camera should not be expected good. But I like features of google camera. Front camera I think its better than rear one. 4. Sensors are very good with a smooth touch experience. 5. For gaming I played only NFS most wanted as a high end game. And it worked smooth without any lags. 6. Display is good also. 7. Stylish design. My recommendation: If want to feel the nexus in your hand at a low price. Go for it. But be aware of Amazon service.
Micromax Canvas A1 is a brilliant phone at a throw away price of 6.5K. You simply can't get a better phone at that price. The 2mp front camera is very good but the rear camera of 5 mp is a bit disappointing. A 1.3Ghz processor empowered with 1GB RAM makes it quite fast. The white variant of the phone looks better than its black variant. It is light weight and quite comfortable to use. The only disadvantage of the phone is it's battery life which barely lasts for a maximum of 6-7 hrs depending upon the use and the phone also has a slight tendency of heating itself during long hours of talking,nothing serious though. A corning gorilla glass display would have been better(just wishful thinking). I got a 8gb strontium sd card free with the set. It is definitely better than the Karbonn or Spice Android one variants( two of my brothers uses these sets and believe me this one is way better) Overall a very nice phone I would give it a 5 star but would deduct one star for the delivery of Amazon which took quite a bit of time.
First of all i have to say this is a full value for your money phone. If u are reluctant to choose between a1, moto-e or redmi 1s. Just forget abt it and go for this. All credits to Google for this initiative. Its Nexus for the Masses by Google. Pros Great Android experience(i mean stock android). Display quality is good(even though moto-e n redmi 1s are better in this). Once u hv phone in ur hands it really doesn't matter. 2.1 gb space available for apps installation which is great. Camera is much better than moto e and it comes with a flash and front facing 2MP too(of course u can take a pic ly after insertin a sd card which u get for free from Amazon). Build quality is really good. Slight Rubbery back gives a gud feel. Promised timely android updates by Google(waiting for lollipop). All popular games runs like a jiffy. No lags in performance. Few reviews stated about apps not getting installed from play store and poor signal reception(3G) which isn't a case for me. Cons The only con i would say will be the battery which won't last around a day if u are gonna multitask all day long. It could've been in 2000 mah's range. And u also won't have a file explorer or gallery which can be installed from play store(ES file explorer is gud). The product reached me only after a week from date i ordered which can be bettered by Amazon in future, cuz it was a long wait. This is my review only after a half a day's use of the phone. Hope this helps if u riddling around.
Got the phone delivered today... first of all... awesome service by amazon...got delivered 4th day of placing order... About phone... Phone is good at this price... pros: >stock android 4.4.4.. more ram free about 550+mb always aftr installing some user apps... >2.1gb free for apps installation >good display and loud sound >nice design >got free 8gb sdcard... itz good >can move apps to ext sd card >1080p videos palys fine >didnt test any high graphx games... but i think it will work fine... cons: >medias(song,videos,pics) didnt get scanned automatically... i installed a media scanner app to scan the sd card... then it worked fine... itz no matter... just an update would solve it. >no gallery and file manager by default... but can be downloaded from playstore... both apps just in kb sizes only... no matter in this >cant send apk files using bluetooth.... but every other files could be send... maybe itz new policy by google... >main cam clarity is not great... itz just average only...my unite2 cam takes much better pics than this phone... both phones has same 5mp cam... front cam 2mp is good... conclusion: itz a good value for money product... but wont recommend this phone if u use phone for taking pics... but otherwise itz a good phone... u will get latest android updates+stock android experience... if u not looking for great cam quality(this phone is not either... itz cam is avg.. better than moto e) GO FOR THIS PHONE... 4 stars... one star reduced for cam quality of device...
Using this phone for the past few weeks. I orderd this phone after numerous researches. The delivery for amazon was lightning fast even though i was form kerala. About the phone. It came with an 8gb class 6 sd card and screen protector. The screen protector quality is not soo high, but its for free and no complaints. The sd card is good and speedy. The phone works soo smooth and the touch is responsive. The battery life is also good under wifi usage 24x7 and frequent video playback. The camera quality is also up to the mark. Front cam quality is little low. Does not have preinstalled galley, filemanager etc. Had to install them separately. The voice is soo loud, way too better than i expected. The call voice is also good. I suggestion to mmx is that they should try to include a better headset. The headset quality is disappointing. All together i would say Canvas A1 is a good solution as an entry levelsmart phone and also can compete with other phones in that price range like moto e, mmx unite 2 (i use both moto e and unite 2)... Better than assus zenfon. It will also get new versions of android which is the best part. And try to get the black one rather than white as the white one gets dirty soo easly. I would definitely recommend this product.
My review is based on use of about a month.Following is my experience. Technical specs are as given by company are correct ( checked by cpu z app) You get charger, headset, screen guard, mmx booklets, and memory card 8 gb as promo offer ( outside box) External look The external look of phone is very very good. The slimness of of phone make it sexy. Also the build quality is good. Again the rounded edges make it feel good. My phone is black in colour looks premium user interface Ui is fluidic. Just awesome. No lags at all. No customization by mmx. Pure stock room by Google. Also advantage of getting latest firmware for two years. Display Display is good. Though the screen resolution is not good in terms of pixles it doesn't make any difference. The clarity is very good. Also viewing angles are good. I don't experience any discolourisation. on screen buttons will not disappoint you in fact they disappear automatically whenever required. Touch Touch is very good without any lag. Sound External sound by speakers is average. Internal speaker that used for calling purpose is clear and easily audible. Call clarity is perfect. Sound output to headphones is good. But recommended to use good quality headphones as that provided with phone as accessory are below average. Vibration alert is average Storage The internal storage is exactly 2.1gb that you get for app installation. File manager have to be downloaded from store. Primarily it uses mmc storage for all apps and tasks. Apps can be moved to external SD. OTG is not supported. Camera Camera is above average. Daylight photography is very good but it is slightly low in poor light conditions. But it will not disappoint you. The features such as photosphere is fantabulous. It is actually 3d panorama. The camera app is Google camera. Also in order to start clicking images mmc is required because it doesn't store images to phone memory. Video shooting is in HD and above average. Front camera is very nice and will click some nice selfies and very good for video calling. Video calling is superb Audio and video playback Practically it supports all MP3 formats also any video format upto 1080p without any lag.(not checked for higher than that). Video clarity is also good. Battery Battery performance is average and lasts a day with average surfing and music playback. Charging time is upto 2 hours to charge from dead state. No any major heating issue. Gaming I am not a game freak so i have not played any high end games but according to some YouTube video reviews most of high end game are supported* Accessories are available in market. So overall i conclude that the phone is very good in terms of specs and use. Guys if your budget is below 10k blindly go for it. Also it is a part of Google project which makes it slightly different than others
This is a very good phone in terms of performance. Here is the short review by my experience. Pros:- Screen: Pretty Good. Touch works smoothly. Camera: Rear camera is average but front camera is very good. Battery Life: Depends on your usage. Standby time is very good. Gaming:It is not a problem as everything automatically gets stored in your external SD card so no problem with it. I have stored Asphalt 8, GTA San Andreas, Dead Trigger 2, Max Payne all together and none of these were found lagging. Multitasking between these games was never a problem. Con's:- Bluetooth:- I could only send files via Bluetooth but I couldn't receive any. It was the same with my friends canvas a1.Hopefully it would be sorted out in the near future The only otherthing I didn't like about this phone is that it started heating after an hour of high graphical intensive gaming otherwise it worked well but I guess that's the case with most of the phones in this price range. Considering the 6.5 k price tag, I would give it a thumbs up as it will even get the newer OS updates. Don't wait, just go for it.
*android one phones will get stock android L update early than other phone and stock android performance better than customized android *Phone is very good for this price range *no lag what so ever, quadcore processor with Mali 400 mp2 GPU and 1GB RAM doing a great job *very sturdy and good built with soft back touch * brushed metal finish for the camera is very premium and unique *stock android gives great performance *very very very less heat in normal use * only heats a bit when you play high end games for a long duration *plays Fifa and NFS most wanted at high settings with beautiful graphics with zero lag but heats with high graphics mode which is common in all phones *comes with 9 sensors including magnetic, gyroscope, gravity sensors which makes gaming good * neat front and the onscreen touch button looks premium *WiFi connectivity is very good *Bluetooth works fine but one cannot share apps using Bluetooth but can be shared using WiFi apps like superbeam *supports miracast *use camera 360 app and you can capture very good pictures in day light and good light conditions *captures full HD video with good auto focus but the video quality is normal when you play using a PC *display is over all good for normal use but not very sharp like HD or full HD *battery life is very good in normal use with 2G on for the whole day with medium brightness for a full day use *battery stay for 9 hours with 3G on and medium use *battery drains fast with continuous high end gaming for maximum 3 hours and normal games like subway surfer stay 6 hours with continuous play * sound through headphones are good which is very clear, use 3rd party apps like poweramp for better sound *no muffeled sound through speakers, not so loud and not so low *network is very stable in 2G with full signal and 3G signals are strong only in high 3G coverage area *very compact *only problem is you won't find good looking back cases but you will find good universal flip cases
Since most of the users have already reviewed how good this phone is, My review is going to be based mostly on Gaming. First of all, it truly deserves the name of Nexus Jr. or Mini Nexus. Its an amazing phone with performance I've never expected. I was following the Android One program right from when it was announced in Google I/O. I would like to remove certain doubts about this Phone: 1. It has a Notification LED (Only 2 Colours) 2. It does not have an inbuilt file manager (Because of Stock Android, even Nexuses and GPE Devices don't have it). Just download ES File Explorer from the Play Store. Now for Gaming, I have installed the following games from the Play Store: 1. Modern Combat 4 2. Modern Combat 5 3. Gangstar Vegas 4. Six Guns 5. The Dark Knight Rises 6. GTA San Andreas Yes, I have all the games installed on my phone and Internal Storage is not a concern because it is used only for App Data and the Additional files get installed straight to Memory Card. For this reason they have included an 8 GB SD Card with the Phone but I would recommend you use a 32 GB Class 10 SD Card from Sandisk or Samsung. Even after installing all the above games and dozen other apps and I still have around 1 GB Internal Memory left on Phone (without moving any app to SD Card) I have played the above games (and few more) in the Highest Setting possible without using any Ram Booster or other such apps for half an hour each and these are my observations: 1. Modern Combat 4: Runs flawless without any hint of lag or frame rate issues. 2. Modern Combat 5: Same as above. 3. Gangstar Vegas: Same as above. 4. Six Guns: Experienced some minor frame rate issues only after an update to the game. 5. The Dark Knight Rises: Runs super smooth, level loads up really fast. No lag or frame rate issues. 6. GTA San Andreas: I was actually surprised how well this game runs on this phone. No lags whatsoever. 7. Real Racing: Excellent Graphics. No lags or frame rate drops. 8. Asphalt 8: Runs flawless, no lag or frame rate drops. Nenamark 2 Score : 62.3 fps Few cons: 1. Camera: Not great but not bad either. 2. Battery: Battery life could have been better. (But I expect it to increase after Android L update). Excellent Service from Amazon. Received the product in time.
absolutely amazing phone at this price range !! a must have for anyone who is a new android user....just for the user friendly interface :) let me first list out some details.. CONS: * average rear camera.....and front camera looks exactly like vga * no file manager pre-installed.....it has to be downloaded * screen and the backcover are a magnet to fingerprints....screen guard and flipcovers are a must * average sound quality .....sound gets muffled while placed on back * no flashlight feature available ......even as the device has a decent flash beside the rear camera PROS: * excellent build quality * stylish and slick design ......specially the rear camera part * great IPS 480p display * touch sensitivity is mind blowing * stock android kitkat 4.4.4 interface is very user friendly(will b upgradable to the next version of android as and wen it is launched). * excellent software ...... (2 yrs auto update feature promised by GOOGLE) * the best RAM management according to me among all phones within the 15k range * can play 1080p videos * strong wifi connectivity * decent battery considering the price
Hii Received my product ..however it delivered me delay of 2 days...but its okkk. At least product is in good condition and packaging wasn't so impressive. Now here comes to review of my Mmx canvas A1 .. Obviously phone looks good at this price range.. The network of phone is good it holds network even in low network area. Both sim slot has 3g support .. Performance is quite impressive, u can operate multitasking all the time...just like i have used 4 application same time without any lag . Internal space is of 2.27gb which is comparatively more at 6.5k . RAM is 614 mb free while first use of handset....but now its around 532 mb. Primary Camera is good in day time, no noise can be seen in camera during daylight ..but in night little noise appears ..but its okk u cant expect everything at 6.5k...Recording is 1080px which is good enough .. E.g. I recorded a video of 26 sec, the quality was superb , frame rate was 29.2 f/s and video was of 52.6 mb ... So u can think about the quality .. And Secondary camera is 2mp fixed focus with 720p video recording .. As it is ff so u cant expect more but it is quite good in bright light and one thing more the color contrasting of frnt camera is good than primary one.. U got all the shot function in camera .. Like - led flash ,panorama, lens blur, timer etc.. Every operation is quite smooth believe me.....no bloat apps present in this.. Cpu is very fast ...it can operate within blink of eyes.. It can play 1080p video without mx player ...it means it has good gpu working. U get 2 yrs free update from google directly without any involvement of mmx ..and Android L definitely as update.. It had led notification light near earpiece.. All sensors are working grt.. :) Played temple run, subway surfer without any lag anywhere, app started within second ... About ear piece volume, i didnt face any difficulty in hearing on roadside ..just place earpiece in proper way. By the way its depends on person hearing capabilities .. External speaker sound is good, u can be able to hear sound from 1 room to another 1. Emoji keyboard is grt..all emojis work everywhere whether in text,fb,whatsapp etc. Battery little bit disappoint me...i have to charge 1 time within 30 hrs..but its not a big deal ...many power banks are available in market...so no worry about this.... Infact u cant get all the things at 6.5k If u want better to go with Apple.. Its my 2nd android phone of Mmx .. Believe me this phone is best at 6.5k Without any comparison with any android handset... No comparison bossssss! !!!!!!! ">Hii Received my product ..however it delivered me delay of 2 days...but its okkk. At least product is in good condition and packaging wasn't so impressive. Now here comes to review of my Mmx canvas A1 .. Obviously phone looks good at this price range.. The network of phone is good it holds network even in low network area. Both sim slot has 3g support .. Performance is quite impressive, u can operate multitasking all the time...just like i have used 4 application same time without any lag . Internal space is of 2.27gb which is comparatively more at 6.5k . RAM is 614 mb free while first use of handset....but now its around 532 mb. Primary Camera is good in day time, no noise can be seen in camera during daylight ..but in night little noise appears ..but its okk u cant expect everything at 6.5k...Recording is 1080px which is good enough .. E.g. I recorded a video of 26 sec, the quality was superb , frame rate was 29.2 f/s and video was of 52.6 mb ... So u can think about the quality .. And Secondary camera is 2mp fixed focus with 720p video recording .. As it is ff so u cant expect more but it is quite good in bright light and one thing more the color contrasting of frnt camera is good than primary one.. U got all the shot function in camera .. Like - led flash ,panorama, lens blur, timer etc.. Every operation is quite smooth believe me.....no bloat apps present in this.. Cpu is very fast ...it can operate within blink of eyes.. It can play 1080p video without mx player ...it means it has good gpu working. U get 2 yrs free update from google directly without any involvement of mmx ..and Android L definitely as update.. It had led notification light near earpiece.. All sensors are working grt.. :) Played temple run, subway surfer without any lag anywhere, app started within second ... About ear piece volume, i didnt face any difficulty in hearing on roadside ..just place earpiece in proper way. By the way its depends on person hearing capabilities .. External speaker sound is good, u can be able to hear sound from 1 room to another 1. Emoji keyboard is grt..all emojis work everywhere whether in text,fb,whatsapp etc. Battery little bit disappoint me...i have to charge 1 time within 30 hrs..but its not a big deal ...many power banks are available in market...so no worry about this.... Infact u cant get all the things at 6.5k If u want better to go with Apple.. Its my 2nd android phone of Mmx .. Believe me this phone is best at 6.5k Without any comparison with any android handset... No comparison bossssss! !!!!!!! :-) 
Beauty part of it is the phone itself , the build , weight , looks.. All of it and the BEAST works like a boss, ANDROID ONE. Arrived the next day, really quick delivery, a neat phone, light, good-looking, has all the wonders of Google, so many apps, quick too. The clarity is really good. the sound quality is good, I am not sure if I am having network issues with my service provider but the signal strength seems weak. I even used Cloud and saved all my contacts. The battery life is not good as compared to moto e,but its still good, the phone does get heated up on long data usage. With 1 gb ram and 1.3 Ghz prossesor it can handel many apps at one time,you can also play high quality games at high graphics(like-asphalt-8,dead trigger-2,real racing-3,frontline commando d-day,etc). Camra is nearly up to the mark but its good in such price segment. One thing I would suggest is that phone makers should provide good user guides to help people use all features of a phone well. This phone will definitely be a big hit. I am happy I bought it :)
I got one for this diwali and it is nice as compared to my existing one. The look is fine, display, fast are good. The config is more or less equal to high priced phone with some difference that of internal and external memory, but this canvas has external expandable and internal & good processor etc My existing one had in built games, but this canvas does not have one all needs to be downloaded including FB, Skype etc.I got this canvas thro amazon and hence the amazon app logo is been displayed but could not able to log in from the phone. There is MLive which says that "you have old version and download latest version" in the new phone i bought, but it is not allowing to move forward for updating the same. i tried from my mobile network as well as thro wi fi and both were not helped The other info given for this AndoridOne phone is will get update upto 2years and after that no answer given as per my search. If any one has answer for the same, share with me. Overall it is good
The miracle is when you give your best in least. And this is a miracle!! The best in least! Absolutely outstanding performance at this price point. I am writing this review after a use of almost 15 days. >But the thing that disappoints me is its battery life. Personally 1700mAh I think is a bit unenough for this phone. (And this was why I chose a 4.5 inch screen instead of a huge and hungry 5 inch or more) I am a technical geek and I like to hang in my phone, computer most of the time. So I need to charge it twice in a day. But this issue can be compromised(oh look at its price) >Downloading apps, games and testing on this device was a good experience. The processor ARM A7 quad core clocked at 1.3 ghz will never dissapoint you running your favourite apps and games. I tested NFS Most Wanted and it worked well. >The another factor that is its screen resolution and dpi. Its not that good but its average for this price tag. >The 5mp camera's sensor is too not an high end but gives enough details when subject is enough lighted. >This phone is having a full HD video co-processor so full HD video playback was Smooth. >The front 2 mp camera is too fine for selfies (and it can also capture HD videos) >Its having lots of sensors like accelerometer, gyroscope, gravity sensor, light sensor, proximity sensor so its just fine! >And last but not the least, its look! Looks quite cool with a Nokia Lumia inspired camera bulge. Personally I like Serene white. SO OVERALL THIS DEVICE IS WORTH BUYING. REASON- You are getting just enough in this price range and that too fully updated for next 2 years!!!(Dont forget the Android One)
I am enjoying my first Android phone. Here is my review after 7 days of usage. Likes: 1. Stylish,smooth design. 2. Very good video quality. 3. Other folks had faced issue with downloading app from Play store, but i didn't face for a single time. :) :) 4. Many of folks have reported cut sim is not working. I cut 3 sims from regular to micro and all of the them work flawlessly.You guys have to cut very carefully and precisely to make it work. 4. Since it my first android so l downloaded lots of stuffs and all of them are working simultaneously. Never faced any app lag or crash till now. 5. Wifi, GPS are working superb. Did not try 3g yet. 6. No heating issues. 7. LED notification is one of the good feature. Dislikes. 1. camera quality is not good as i thought earlier. Photos with front camera are of average quality. It seems like VGA camera quality. 2. battery drains really fast. Not lasting even one day . 3. No customization with Android OS.
Hello Friends , First of all i have to say amazon is good Now about the Phone Design is so good looks great in every angle & Display is decent u have no HD display But the Display is Good . Camera performance is not much perfect for me but i agree somewhat . It's dual sim 3G supported phone.You can insert only micro sim's go to a phone shop with ur regular sim & they'll cut it for free. Hardware Is Combined with Great specs it is a Quad-core powered with 1 gb ram (Provide Best Performance) . Gaming is Fantastic You can play high end games with no lagging :) Touch responsive is good Operating system is up-to-date Android 4.4.4 Kitkat & will be upgraded soon to 5.0 Lollipop as soon it's released . Battery performance is just OK for me not very impressive lasts some time according your uses . It has no problem with Wi-Fi & bluetooth Works fine & browsing is fast enough. Although the Phone is Great at Rs.6499 You'll regret it if u miss the Deal & u get 8 GB memory card absolutely free with this phone. Why going for high-priced samsung,LG,etc.. this phone has the specs u need . be sure to check that all items is working
Started using mobile very friendly to swipe on screen, touch friendly. But not battery friendly when using Maps or Internet downloads. Also if you remove SIM without Google Play it will stop functioning. It seems Google is spying on us using this mobile and Google doens't want any other application to run on this mobile. Map Navigation has more Indian voice added now. Games smoothly run and respond effectively to hands. Photos and clicks are good and decent. A little heat is felt while battery charging. But Battery gets drained fast infact if you use download and internet. Charging takes up a huge time say 1 hour or more if completely drained. So some areas a thumbs up but other areas a thumbs down. Got a dent on side when it fell down hitting a corner. No Apps comes in loaded apart from google play and amazon. So all apps and games are to be downloaded self. Good big screen. Don't use without Mobile cover. You never know who may get dialled without your knowledge. This has been my 1 week experience with phone.
Firstly, the looks of the phone is very nice. Classy and decent. Its light weight. Next is Battery one day use, morning 8 if i tk out charge, it completely drains out at 8 in the nyt. ok with me and i use 2g service which will on 24/7. After that the speed of the phone is awesome. Quad core ofcource will b aweaome. Clarity of the phone is realky nice. Camera for 6.5k is worth. Can tk decent pics for sharing. The bk panel is little loose. As soon as u try opening it, it opens with no difficulty. So The locking cud hv been lil more harder. No file manager, better download from playstore. U cannot share contact details thru msging(SMS) all other ways of aharing is available. The drag down screen has no much options like In other micromax phones. Its also another drawbk. Y i am giving 5* is that for 6.5k. Middle class ppl can afford an awesome phone which thy can call it as a mini nexus. Finally BUY IT. Specially useful for women as thy r not so addicted to technology as men. Thank u micromax and amazon.
this the best product I have seen at this price pros: 1)1 gb ram without bloatwares suffice for a phone to handle multitasking by now I have used all my fav apps which I use on a mobile ,and there is no lag. 2) 4 gb internal memory gives you 2.25 gb of user available storage but big thing is this that this is unified storage and you can download application in whole 2.25 gb unlike other phones of micromax and other companies which boast of 8 to 16 gb of internal memory but space for app download comes to be only 1.75 gb. besides you can transfer big part of applications to sd card while basic data remains on phone memory . default storage on sd is not provided. 3) mediateck quad core processor does its job apprieciably . handles big games and applications without any disappointment. one must use a task killer to limit backgroung processes to avoid lags and heating. 4) touch response is suburb . not like you get on unite2 like cheap devices. no compromise for price has been done on touch quality. 5) direct upgradation to latest android by google for two years makes the dealing unavoidable. 6) forgot the most important thing "its look" superb in this price range, sleek ,rounded ages , premium rubbery soft back, unibody look like lumia devices. camera flash placement. all make it look like a costly device one could boast of it if internet was not there. lols. camera quality is I can say satisfactory not impressive but considering the price it is not bad. however night shooting though there is a flash is not good. cons… 1) display though 218 ppi is not what you get on a samsung device . brightness contrast all is ok but not that thing which you get on samsung screens. I think its due to quality of LCD they are using. but it is not bad . some people will not even notice it. 2) sometimes when calling I notice mild heating 3) i personally don't like STOCK android keyboard and status bar with no direct toggles however problem is self solvable with notification toggle applications and keyboards available on google play . error problem in downloading apps, I haven't experienced except 2 times but that was solved on 2nd try. I must tell you I don't download big games on mobile , for that I use a tab. concludingly canvas a1 from micromax is THE DEAL. such a phone is not possible without a contract of 2 giants like micromax and google. if you are a beginner on android this device is going to satisfy you completely however my friends who have used high ended phones may find it not at par, but they too will appreciate it for whwt it provide in this little price comparing to there pocket vacuming costly mobiles.
Mobile is awesome it have only software touch it mean when u want to back there will be a back option while android mobile have constant hardware touch there is a history shower and menu button also android one have smooth touch it play laptop resolution video There are some cons and pro which are given below Pro 1.There is no no hardware menu touch it given to software 2.processor nice at this price 3.1gb ram also nice 4.smooth touch high resolution video playback 4.make model looking nice than given image 5.very light weightedit seems u handle a KitKat choclt 6.net speed are very fast 7.battery backup are nice allmost 10hrs with use This mobile are best than any mobile below twelve thousands except camera Pros 1.video player,file manager,gallery, are not preinstall all app have to downld from store before use 2.Bluetooth can not share app only file send like music video >android one are better than android Mobile are awesome close ur eyes and order for MMX cnvs a1 Q
Got my micromax A1 from amazon...it is a perfect android phone where u can get a smooth and high range experience at a cost of 6499...!!! First when i got the phone i thought it was a regular micromax device and nothing cool in it...!! But when i pumped up the battery and stated...i started loving the phone..!! So beutifully designed out n inside ...perfect for an android device..!! Pro's: Good interface Premium android experience Good front cam Good connectivity Uptodate updates Con's: Back camera doesnt seem 5 MP Voice clarity is a little bit annoying when ur out U cannot take pics with out a memory card..but u get one with the device..so not a problem The only thing i gave 4stars is bad delivery from amazon..!! It was mentioned that i would get the phone in 2-4days...but after ordering..it took a whole week to reach me..!! A whole week ...!!! Amzon..please update and provide correct details of delivery time for users..!!
Its bin 7 days since i got my canvas a1 and i have to tell u that the phone is simply awsm. Many people have complained that its camera clarity is not up to the mark. Nothing like that. Camera is perfectly fine. For 6K i dont think u will get better than this. I am surprised with the front camera also. I initially thought although Micromax is offering 2MP front cam I expected only Vga. But It turned out different. Phone works super smooth. No issues at all. I am just not happy with the google gallery as it sometimes take time in loading photos. That problem was solved when i downloaded a gallery app. And another issue i faced was. The phone was rebooting by its own. In this 7 days it got rebooted 3 times. But till now no issues. And finally. I was expecting a better battery life. Battery backup of this phone is not that great. It just last for 1 day. Over all this phone is Great and is not a waste of money.. People who have confusion between Moto e and Anroid 1. I will say anroid 1 is better. As i have used both phones. (Thanks for Amazon for delivering the phone before expected time.)
I ordered this phone for my wife as a birthday gift. The courier service by FEDEX was a very very bad experience. I booked my order on 20-Oct-2014 and got a message from from FedEx on 24-Oct that the order will be delivered on by 24-Oct evening. Around 11:00 pm I got one more message from FedEx that the delivery was attempted but failed because no one was available and the delivery will attempted one more time. The FexEx are liers. There were many persons available at delivery location eagerly waiting for new mobile handset. To hide their inefficiency to deliver on time FedEx gave false reasons, how pathetic :(. I was not expecting this from FedEx. I complained to amazon regarding this and they assured me to look into the matter. I got delivery of Android One handset next day. Really a very bad experience from the courier company FedEx. I wanted to give 4/5 but by seeing the performance of product giving 5/5. Now about performance of Android One: 1] Looks: Stunning, slim 2] Display: Satisfactory 3] Performance: Awesome 4] Battery: Good for normal use with Wifi, 3G, lasted for a day. 5] Wifi / 3G: good reception 6] Play Store Apps: No problem in downloading the apps 7] Camera: Both Cameras are good. 8] Memory card: Here there is problem, the mSD card adapter is not locking properly :( Overall the phone is a good purchase with this price :)
It has been more than two weeks after buying this product and I can say that it has not lagged behind anywhere in any of its functions. The battery life is a problem but if you switch off non-usable application and/or switch off the data/bluetooth/wi-fi usage when not needed the battery life prolongs to very good degree. The camera is good for normal/general photographs; do not expect it to be compared to nokia or sony mobile cameras in the same price range. Overall the hardware quality is as good as any other branded phone in the same or little higher range. Maybe at association of the name "google" has to do something to it. Some apps. which I dont want on main phone memory and want to move to sd card but I cannot as there is no option as such. You have to go on rooting and risking the settings and one should not do it until fully confident. This is my first android phone and the experience has been so far so good. Also try to put class 8 or 10 sd card as it will expedite your general operations.
Performance: This is a good Product with 1.3GHz quad core processor with 1 GB ram, this works just fine. If we talk about performance. This phone is average, as i am using this Product since last 3 days it seems to be fine did not hanged up as of now. however takes time to open the applications. I doubt it can play high end games. It takes just 3-4 seconds to open the contacts if you click on All contacts. Camera: Primary Camera of this Phone is just average with 5 MP it can take good Pictures with in proper light. Low light Images are not at all good. Secondary camera of this Phone is also average. It takes just fine Pics better than other phones. Looks: Design of this phone is Fine it can fit easy to any Hand Looks better black in color. Display: 4.5-inch FWVGA capacitive touchscreen with 480 x 854 pixels resolution and 16M color support. I think it could give at least HD display like other brand now days at the same price. You could face some problem in direct sunlight, else this is fine. Battery - 1700mAH battery is not good at all. It can last up to 6-7 hours with normal internet (3G) browsing & hardly 2-3 calls in total 15 Min. Few Msgs on whats aap. Storage Capacity: Humm they are giving 4 GB internal memory, however you have around 2 GB available. But in a offer with this phone you get Micro SD card of 8 GB. Dual SIM Support: Its a good thing about this Phone, however inserted both the SIM could drink battery very soon. Price is good for these features Phone.
Again google delivered milestone phone @ low budget segment. First of all, i am not the fan of Micromax or any low quality phone makers. But this phone design & style was entirely different. Kudos to Google & Micromax. U will not believe, Phone really awesome & looks are exactly like high cost andriod mobile. And google designed the phone, such a way that Look & feel will be really good. Just see once this phone physically & u will change u r opinion of buying mid-segment Andriod phone available @ > 10K. Why to buy too costly phone, if we need to change the phone atleast every year. Pros: 1. Phone performs smoothly.U dont see any lag & quick response. 2. Assured Andriod L update, which is really nice. 3. 5MP cam quality nice @ this price. 4. External SD card option available. Cons. Only one i found, Use good quality SD card (may be use > class 6).bcoz sometimes when i am installing apps, I am getting error. Again after next try,it will work. But this thing i found once couple of times as i am using class 4 SD card given as free with this mobile.
Hi Guys, I am writing this review after using it for approx 23 days. My impressions are- In this budget you get an Awesome deal. The highlighting factor is This phone will get future Android updates upto 2 years directly from Google. Pros are- Stock UI which I like very much, very easy to operate, Guaranteed Android updates upto 2 years, Decent screen size, Decent Screen quality, Decent sound output, Decent Camera, Good quality Image and video in natural lighting, Awesome call quality (talked constantly approx 2 hours) Battery backup is OK. I got approx 5 hours on screen time and I charge it for once a day. Cons are- i feel a little worn on back when I play games like Riptide GP2 and Beach Buggy Racing (I only installed these 2 games) for about 10-15 minutes. I noticed miner lag when I do heavy multi tasking. Finger print magnet (both side- back and front). In my view internal storage is limiting factor. so guys this is my views about this phone. Finally I must recommend this phone to all. No point of buying flagship phones.
Bought this phone for my mom. I was comparing MOTO E, Asus Zenfone 450 and canvas A1. Rejected MOTO-E: No front-camera(she needed video-call), performance issues and lags(she comes from nokia 1100 where things are real-time fast) Rejected Zenfone 450: Was waiting for it, but it was out of stock. Also read some some bad reviews from people who got it early as a pre-order(some issues, s/w bugs, or defective piece). Canvas A1: 1. Has front camera.(she needs video-call) 2. Got delivered quickly from amazon(was leaving for my home town, they delivered it early as per my request) 3. Liquid smooth, zero lag.(You get 1.3GHz, Quad Core, better than MOTO E) 4. camera quality: okay, serves the purpose 5. OS:Stock android, simple and fast, no lag, no bloatware, gets updated directly from google. 6. Decent looks: Better than what i expected. It also performs quite well in most of the benchmarking apps(Quadrant Standard, Antutu, nenamark2) Overall i think it's a decent phone with much more than you can expect for 6.5K, totally serves it's purpose. Only problem- can't find a good case for it.(back cover is bumper cover and can protect from most of the impacts, but the screen and the protruding camera is at risk)
It meet my all expectations. Upto 14-Sep-14, I am addicted to one leading brand. But that completely changed by Micromax with this Android One phone. My mobile purchase is only in between 4-5 years and for if any requirement needed. For the last 2 months (before this A1 launch), I am in search of a new mobile with newest all basic configurations. This is the phone that I search for. I ordered it on 16-Sep-14 and received in my hand on 19-Sep-14 through amazon. I have some issues. But it is only related to Software & Launch offers. I activated the Airtel offer through airtellive.com site as described in your details and successfully activated for 200MB&100MB per month data for 6 months for Software update & App downloads. Last days I have 230 MB data balance in my account in a day. Next day morning some softwares are found as updating. After these I have only near 110MB. If you can please mention details which are the downloads/updates are covered in this freebies and which are not covered. One more issue I noted is, How can we record voice directly as in other phones? Is there any File Manager type app in this Android OS? Some apps can be found for these in play store. My question is, is this already in the OS as hidden. If so how can we enable it. Anyway thank you very much.
"First of all I would like to Thank to amazon.com for the excellent service. I have received the phone on 1st of oct which means 4 days before the actual delivery that was amazing. Even though my village hasn't have that much transport access which make me loyal to the amazon.com I have ordered Micromax Canvas A1 with Android One (Magnetic Black) ( New) and along with i have buy for discounted price Strontium 8GB MicroSDHC Memory Card (Class 4) ( New) total amount was Rs 6704 I have receive phone + Charger + USB code + 1 8 GB SD card (free) + 1 8 GB SD card which i have ordered extra. with nice pack and no damage. Phone was superb and smooth touch Long life Battery User friendly Android one OS Especially I must say about the camera its amazing clarity. an the front camera was superb for skype video calling ( i am using international calls). Overall I give 5 (Excellent) for the product as well as Amazon.com for the exceptional service I recommend if you are any where in India doesn't matter amazon will reach you with smile. I heartily recommend this user friendly phone for all the viewers who want to buy cheap and best phone as well as those who using video calling, Viber, Skype, Wechat, other online video calling.. Thanks to Amazon.com for making me loyal to your great service... Best Regards, Pribin Christeen"
I had ordered for the Micromax Canvas A1 on the 5th October after going through a lot of websites , reading expert reviews, after watching various unboxing and review videos. I was guaranteed a one day delivery by amazon and I was surprised, when the product was at my doorstep in almost 12 hours from the time I placed an order. Amazon's product packaging and delivery service are impeccable. I own a Nexus 5 and I had an issue with it and I have sent it out for replacement. They said it would take atleast a month for me to get it back. So I thought I could buy a stand by phone until my nexus returns. I have to confess , the micromax canvas A1 is nothing but a Poor Man's Nexus. I don't find any difference in the look and feel of the OS. For 6500 Rs Micromax offers you the best you can get. The sound quality is good (a bit loud and muffles a bit at times is what I feel) and the headphones is equally awesome. The body of the phone is sturdy and the matte finish at the back gives it a rich feeling. The 5 MP rear camera shoots decent images (have not tried low light photography till now, but I would rather buy a DSLR if I were so specific about clicking pics) and the front cam is what that shocked me. 2MP and still such great quality for a front cam. Brilliant for Video calls and Skype.The battery lasted almost a day with my 3G turned on all the time. The phone does just well on a 1GB RAM and there is no visible lag while switching between the apps. (Owning this after a nexus 5 made me feel that this is kind of slower, but for the price I paid for this it functions like Usain Bolt on a 100m dash) Cons - Wish we could have an option to delete some of the pre installed apps like hike. The internal Memory is 4 GB and these apps could hinder the performance of the phone a bit.
Just got it from amazon for my dad . He previously owned samsun s dous . He loved it at first site. looks the same as moto g (1st gen) and is equivalent to it unless you have a good budget. Pros:- 1) Excellent Battery life. Switched on wifi for the whole day and is still going on. 2) No lag at all. downloaded dead trigger 2 and asphalt 8 and played on good graphics without lag. 3) Exceptional camera. 5 mp proves to be worth it. Also the 2mp front facing is supreme. 4) software is awesome . Waiting for android lollipop. 5)stylish and sleek looks 6) touch response better than any else below 7K. 7) customizable . 8) You can also transfer apps from phone storage to external sd card!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 9) No heating issues . cons: 1) A drawback of this is the back cover. after removing the back cover we cannot press the power button nor the volume button. to press them you will need to put the cover back again 2) Micromax cut the cost in the earphones. They are basic ones. 3) the speakers (main not the calling speaker) is okay but not for loud places. 4) since its android 4.4.4 I knew about it for a very long time but my dad had some issues because of the major changes. People owning an android for the first time will need practice to discover the various features
Hi Guys. Here I'm posting my review after using the product for 9 days. Placed the order on 20th and received on 26th. Due to huge demand they couldn't send in time. Coming to the Pros of the mobile.. * Display is Crisp and Soft and nice. Touch is also very responsive. * Processing is faster. There is no problem of crashing of apps, even while playing games requiring more RAM and Processing Speed. * Camera quality is quite good. Since it is of 5MP we couldn't expect the quality of Digital Camera with optical zoom features. * The grip is good and the item is sleek. Since the back panel is made with rubberized coating, its getting scratches. * Battery is 1700mAh and providing proper backup. If you have to spend out of charging point frequently then it will be good option to choose a power bank. * Apps are running smoothly. * User interface is ok. * Internal memory is all for apps only. So no worries about storage of apps and their cache usage. * Notification LED. * Proximity, Light and other sensors. And coming to the Cons of the mobile: * Since the operating system is as it is of Google's, and not customized by the manufacturer of device, Its an incomplete OS in some cases (What I feel when compared with my previous Android devices). * There were no shortcuts. Example, for choosing between the data connection between SIMs, without going into settings. * We can't choose the Auto-Rotation in Home Screen. This can be done in settings>Display only. * Micro SIMs. So, be careful to use micro SIMs only I suggest not to use Cut SIMs. * As we know, there were no Default File Manager and Gallery apps. We have to download from Play Store. * Call volume is bit lower. Signal reception is also not impressive when compared with the other mobiles with same SIMs and in Same Area. * We can't use the internal memory for normal usage. Though it is good but we can't access it even. * No PC Suite type software. We can connect with PC as MTP and can transfer files as normally. So no worries. So, at this price range we shouldn't expect more than these., but we are getting this definitely at cheaper price than the other so called branded devices with almost same configuration. You can go for it...
Hi guys, Here is my reveiew after using it for 4 days. Actually I Ordered it on 20/9/14 eve 5.p.m & Got it by 26th eve! I couldn't figure out why amazon took 6 days to deliver ,eventhough I'm staying in a city .(expected 3-4 days as flipkart does here). Package is also average.Not that much great as compared to flipkart & better than jabong. ( I tried all 3 shoping websites! ) Coming to the phone now, you all would know the Specs! That's awesome in this price range. ( but still gorilla glass missing) Feels light, well built, Robust, Looks Classy ! Feels like I'm owning a Mini Nexus :) Camera performs good in daylight & with Auto flash mode Performance is Smooth, No lags( Apps opening in jet speed), Decent battery backup, Got 18739 in antutu benchmark. !! That is incredibly good score. Don't feel like its a Micromax product. ( previously i used Htc Smartphones & Samsung Tablet ) . Since its a Google + micromax product, i thought of giving it a try after reading so many reviews & watching youtube videos of this Android one model. Prefered Micromax as it has more service centres than Spice & Karbon.Also leading mobile seller in India after Samsung. Only Minus point i noticed is Inbuilt Microphone is average during the call.Not so great as in Htc or samsung.But thats Ok. ! U also cant keep any mp3 as ur ringtones.Thats weird !....And i don't like that micromax Logo :p Overall i'd give 4.5 /5
Good news for Gamers: This device does not have internal SD card for user space .. So whichever Big Game you download , the data and obb files go to Ext Sd card.. So u dont really have to root it to mount the internal SD. And Yeah All games Running without Lag and Glitches with medium and high graphics Good news For People who spend much time on XDA than Fb .: For the first time MKT devices have been released kernel sources .. So u can expect many custom ROMs in no future . and I found few big devs holding this device in XDA forum .. My reviews : *got device in 40 hrs after booking * touch smoother than expected * Butter smooth. * good call volume * front can is Good Negatives: * actually telling battery is good .. Its not having any issues as others posted . You can't expect much from a 1700mah bttry on a 4.5inch screen.. The screen time s around 4 hours . ( the negative thing is they should have given a 2000mah battery ) * Many are having WiFi issues .. I don't use WiFi ..so I don't care about it . * camera is good but it captures noise ..so the indoor images aren't good ..
performance 8/10( 10/10 if price is considered ) looks 8/10 battery 6.5/10 camera 6.5/10 music in speaker 7/10 music in earphones 9/10 video playback 8.5/10 call quality 9/10(better than my previous Samsung mobile) build quality 7.5/10 value for money 9.5/10(10/10 if build quality improves still) I ordered this mobile on 20 th september on Saturday and it was out of stock that time,it came back to stock on Monday 22 September and I got my delivery on Wednesday 24th september. .I expected delivery earlier than this. I am not at all satisfied with Amazon packaging as they didn't used any bubble cover. Initially this mobile didn't impressed me much,but after 4 days of use,am very much impressed by its performance, a kind of which we can't get in this price bracket( except lumia 530 ).But am not giving review about gaming as I didn't played any.. The best of this mobile is SAR value at head.It's just 0.24 W/Kg over 1 gram of tissue (FCC limit) which is really amazing. Another best thing is we are getting android updates for next two years. I definitely recommend this mobile if you are looking for an android mobile at this price point. Also one thing to note is Airtel customer service said that the free downloads offer is there only for new Airtel users.
What more can you ask for in a 6500rs budget. I have a Nexus 5 and bought this for my wife. Like it a lot, screen touch is very smooth, 4.5" is handy, Processor is faster, display colors are good, camera quality is also good, battery lasts for 1 1/2 days in 2g, totally worth a buy for this money. Cons - the wifi sleeps when screen is off. I checked the settings, its in Wifi never sleeps mode, the router is also good as my Nexus 5 is working and pop ups whatsapp messages but Micromax A1 doesnt wakeup, also installed Wifi Fixer from the playstore but still the wifi sleeps for long. Anyone has a solution for this? Pros - everything else :) If you are always connected in Wifi i would suggest you try the Spice or Karbonn or Redmi as when i did a small google research i found that Wifi problem is most common in Micromax phones, network problem is more common in Moto E and Moto G (that too Airtel sim). Not sure on the wifi issue with Micromax Unite 2 (it has the same spec as in Androild One and same price too), you may check the reviews of Unite 2 and decide.
I received the phone on 26th Sep (ordered on 23rd Sep)... a bit longer than expected (from Bengaluru to Puducherry). But surprised to see the delivery staff of Amazon at 7.20 am at my doorstep! Another surprise after opening package was the Freebies!..SD Card and Scratch Guard! I am not a techie, so I can not write much about its performance or features in an elaborate manner. Still I would like to share some ideas about the phone: Pros: 1. Absolutely no heating up problem (neither phone nor charger as checked when being charged for 4 hours at a stretch). 2. Battery performance is beyond expectation. 3. Look is decent (Can't say "Sexy!"... Needless to say, it's due to Price Factor) 4. Speed of UI and response of touch screen is super fast. (downloading of apps with 3G connection is also very swift). 5. Loud speaker is nice (except its location). Headphone is just an ordinary one, but delivers a good quality output with nice bass effects. Again can't expect SONY's performance for this price. 6. Both cameras can be rated as average, but definetly superior to other brands of same price range. 7. Internet connectivity through mobile network, Signal reception of both GSM SIMs, Bluetooth file transfer, PC connectivity and USB cable charging are all working fine. (I have not checked Wi-Fi hotspot and Bluetooth tethering for internet connectivity so far. Once I do, I will sure get back here with my opinion) Cons: 1. Android One does not come with pre-installed File Manager or Gallery. The files can be accessed through different google apps (viz. Play Music, Play Movies, Play Books, Photos, Quick Office, etc) installed in this phone with their respective file explorers. If anyone needs all in one place, I would suggest him to download ES File Explorer - File Manager from PlayStore for free. You can, not only explore the files of your device / SD Card but also view images and, play music and video files with its inbuilt Image Browser and Media Player. (There is no bloatwares pre-installed in this phone except Amazon and Ask me). 2. The screen consumes above 80% of battery usage. To reduce this to certain extent, you may select screen brightness level as low as comfortable. (There is no other hardware issue in this phone). 3. The user guide is not prepared well according to the needs of the users. They have skipped many features and left them to the users to explore themselves (like torch light function).
This a nice phone to buy at this price point. (Bearing in mind, the updates we will be getting) But as others are saying it's very good or best, I must tell you it's not. I am an Asus zenfone 4 user and I thought it would be better to have a comparison. Things to keep in mind while buying. 1. Touch is not at all good. A very smooth touch can be used in zenfone. 2. The touch may work well without screen guard but DO bear in mind you have to definitely use a screen guard as it does not provide any screen protection (Asus has Corning Gorilla 3 and I Must say Asus works the best even with screen guard.) 3. If you are not a hardcore Stock lover, then Asus is a good option, Asus's Zen UI is far more customizable and beautiful. So at last, I will say that if you are not too concerned about the freebies, then do give Asus Zenfone 4 a look. I hope this review was helpful. You can acknowledge me if it was helpful. Also, you can ask me if you need an assistance with zenfone. :)
They said its 4gb internal memory but it's only 2.4gb. The guy who delivered the product said 10% cashback if u pay by any debit card but no such thing is provided, product was delivered on time but I'm unhappy with amazon giving me such false promises. phone is not too bad for casual users. I'd rather prefer moto e over canvas a1 since battery does not last long.
Smart, simple and no fuss phone. The touch screen responds well. The Android 4.4.4 good but simple thing such as a name search in contacts is not present which means one has to scroll through the entire address book to reach names beginning with MNOP.. SRT etc. Camera is nice. The battery too is a bit of a concern in terms of delivering full working hour supply.
what to say about this product....good camera,nice music,good audio quality through earphone(although some other branded earphone is needed for it),good speed... haven't found any lag after using this phone for 20 days, although sometimes the applications are forced closed...but its ok for me,internet,wifi is working fine ,i found all the major application to be working good,at the same time gaming is also good but i havent tried heavy 3d games.... but i feel this device will manage it ,freebies are also good with this device..... and the biggest advantages of this fone is regarding the guaranteed upgrade for 2 yrs .... now talking about the disadvantage... built quality is on lower side..compare to moto devices its quite difficult to hold... but thats not a big factor .. if u want a fone which suffice ur day to day performance .....there's big thumb's up for this fone.... u can go for it..... last but not the least....amazon service was good ..but not the best...
Got my Micromax Canvas A1 delivered today. Fast delivery by Amazon in less than 48 hours In the box 1. Handset 2. Headphones 3. Battery 4. Memory card (8gb) 5. Screen guard ( which was not written in the freebies , thanks amazon for the surprise) Looks : Decent , camera covered with that circle looks classic Performance As per 4 days of usage Everything works nice and smooth , 2.27 gb available is enough , kitkat makes it awsomee :D Battery usage: worked decently up till now. Its been 1 day and 14 hours and still battery is 42% :D Heating problem: there was no heating problem , i used my Canvas A1 for 6 continuous hours ( While charging) there was no heat . So thumbs up for that :D Cons: Both front and back camera are average - for camera 2.5/5 ( bit of haziness in the camera) but then it just costs you 5.8k man Download: Its quite fast with WIFI or 3G OR 2G Benchmarks for professionals:- 1.ANTUTU BENCHMARK V5.1 - 18619 SCORE 2.QUADRANT STANDARD- 4231 SCORE 3. NENA MARK 2 - 62.3 FPS All the scores are brilliant at this price tag :D Go for it , its any day better than that Xiaomi with battery and ram issues plus heating problem.
If you realise that you're paying for what is essentially a low end device, you'll be pleasantly surprised. Kit Kat works incredibly well on this phone. The basics are all perfectly executed. It doesn't lag, at all. It doesn't get heated after a using it for a while. It can handle heavy duty stuff. And the battery is great. What is not so great idea the camera. But then for a phone which costs this much do you really expect anything more than this? To my surprise WiFi works incredibly well. To people complaining about Google play not opening etc, check your router settings. See if weird ports are blocked etc. I've been using the phone vigorously for the last one month and I'm really impressed. This is by far the best phone you can buy for I'd say less than 15k. And shockingly, this phone lasts longer than an iPhone 5s running iOS 8; as I said, the battery is impressive. Take care of the device and it'll serve you well. Incredible feat of engineering.
this phone is the best phone i've ever used it flawlessly works without any problem...i had this phone for one month and i haven't faced any issue about this phone...one of the drawbacks i noticed was that one of the spots on my screen was pixeless but it could only be seen with the help of a magnifying glass.,.. Thus negligible...happy to have this phone...
There is no free lunch in this world....same goes with this phone...cheap price so cheap stuff...my first experience wasn't great ...d moment i open the box then opened phone back cover and try to put sim card and memory card, my memory card support holder got Brocken by me and that was my first impression about this phone ...which naturally not good ...here is my full review...lets talk about hardware only because no need to talk about google software product android in it which is awsome we all know but to hold the device to fully use that software is important too.....so from hardware point of view camera below average ...hands free- bad. front camera below average...voice quality of hands free not so great touch input fine not great.... volume up down - below average...only one thing make me buy this phone and which keep me using it android....so micromax got 4 out of 10 for there product quality for this phone..... from - A disappointed android one customer :(
The phone is best in price range and all Android one phone . packing was very good and safe. Phone with high quality & performance.
Its the best budget phone you could buy in this 12000 range. It has no problem with battery life but it has a low brightness ... It has awesome performance while gaming. Till now it has not hung at anything at once. The Google Applications are pre-installed in it and works very smoothly and the camera works fine in day.. but I have not tested it in night.
Nice Product. There is nothing new in with this phone. But the updated android os in this phone is amazing in this price range. The collaboration with google make it a good product. The positives and negatives about the product are: Positives: -> Nice bulid quality, light weight and handy -> Android 4.4.4 kitkat operating system. -> Nice combination of hardware like cpu, ram, memory for apps, camera with flash. -> Great performance -> Free 8 GB memory card completes the storage requirement. -> Nice diplay resolution in this price range. Negatives: -> Average Camera quality. -> No video calling. -> Battery only 1700 mah -> Internal memory is only 4 GB. It should be at least 8 GB to make it much better. -> Currently available only in Magnetic Black color. Overall it 's a great buy in this price range.
This is an awesome mobile at right price.even at such an entry level specs its running so smoothly without a single bit of lag.battery back up is great too.network reception good.camera quality good for the price. Who want a good lagfree simple Android Mobile without spending much,this is the best choice. Thanks to Google for such a initiative
After using this phone for a month now... I have realised that this is a very good smartphone in its price bracket... the camera is better that average...rather good and the display is also good...not sumthing like a flagship... I was highly disappointed with the battery life of the phone... It gave me an on time screen of just above 5 hrs... Which might last you a day or so... But believe me the responsiveness of the phone is so good that it feels like a flagship. The phone is very responsive and smooth and handles all tasks with ease... But I wouldn't recommend you playing games on it as it gets a hot like hell....remember i said hot like hell and not warm... Other than that its an awesome phone... I would recommend it to the people who like stock android ,a good camera , latest updates & average screen... I would not recommend it to the people who want a long battery life ,premium looks and good after sale service.
Gifted this piece to my wife.We have WiFi, and therefore, she has spared laptop for me, and gets busy on face book etc.on her own. Features, colors,clarity on screen etc. is excellent. The best, part is of course,the Operating System (OS) will get upgraded for 2 years, freee of charge. That means, hopefully, even in 2016, the OS will match the specifications of the smart phones, available in 2016 ! We use many many features from Google- rather, Google have made themselves, almost indispensable. This is a Google based Android,so,familiar with Google features. Lastly,it is manufactured in India - "Make -In-India" effect. Though the battery indicator goes down to nearly half, very soon, but don't worry, even thereafter,battery keeps working - if you use the phone, smartly, by switching off Blue-tooth, WiFi, auto-shut off etc.unnecessary hunting for TV tower, while travelling. Summarizing - go for it, instead of China make !
- The phone is very nice ....marvellous i should say..it looks good and the back matte black back panel adds to the feel in hand... - The 1.3 ghz cortex a7 processor is good..and i haven't experienced any lag yet after 1 month of usage.. - It comes with a Mali 400mp2 GPU which is a mid range graphics chip but games like asphalt 8 airborne and modern combat 5 zero hour are running smoothly.. - The camera is also quite okay...(what else do you expect from a 6500 phone??) - Morover it will be updated with newest version of android after its release..(though i haven't got the android 5.0 lollipop update yet..its 12 nov...but i think i will get it just fine..) Overall the phone is amazing...the only problem of this phone is the 1700 mAh battery..it drains out quickly when you are using mobile data ..like 6 hours.. But still its a pretty amazing phone and worth buying....go and check digit magazine for score and more :)
Before inserting the sim card dont forget to initialize the mobile til the default sreen saver is visible. If this is not done before the sim card is inserted you will not be able to start using the mobile. This has not been mentioned in the literature and is a practical difficulty especially for those who are not very conversant with cell phone.
It is a mobile with basic functions of android and nothing much fantastic is there. Phone lacks in many aspects like, Bluetooth where in you cannot send audio and other files to another device through Bluetooth. There is no file manager. Poor battery life, last long for a day only if you get it charge in morning, always have to put my mobile on very dim light. All the functions and apps which uses battery has to be put on hold and off. apps which are bigger in size would not work properly, it might hang also at certain times. But for very basic users of phone or those who want phone for simple and easy work it is best. Camera is quite good. Much better than a normal 5 MP camera. Audio quality is also quite decent. At last it is not at all a bad mobile within a budget under 6500. I am satisfied with this phone, because I kept it very simple.. and I keep my laptop very complicated. :P
Shame on u google now it's going over . Its almost 3months I purchased this Micromax Canvas Android One leaving my Samsung phone because of the assurity by u to get guaranteed updates for 2yrs n this too was said that the first update will be given in these phones but the thing is that I haven't got the first update no problem I haven't got update till the third month of purchase it's not an issue but if I will not got the update till the month of January there arises a situation of breaking the trust of customers from which u will not be defended whatever u have issues nexus or whatever fix it fast plzz n seriously I don't want the hell ota give me the official update. Here I end up by saying that u have no mood to give the update so say it clearly first don't give such stupid statements "Guaranteed Updated for over 2 yrs" Hell it was the first update n I got this much problem at the time of next I will be gone mad I guess :p
I am happy to purchase this product. The handset is working flawlessly. The only problem i noticed is that when you are holding this phone against your ear, the edges of screen hurts your ear. So if you are habituate of long talk, then you should avoid this phone. About screen, it is below average. But, overall this is the best budget phone.
This is the best micromax phone ever. It's battery backup is good compared to other smart phones. And its android platform which is android 4.4.4 kitkat or androidone is incredible, especially google now. Its voice recongination is also good but it's required data connection in english india. I am waiting to see the android lolipop upgrade.
I loved this phone ...... Got in just 3 days by fast service of amazon ! . got free 8 GB micro SD card which is great ! . genuine packing of the canvas A1 ! . also got free screen guard which is good ! . ports of micro sim & SD card is simplified ! . phone is quite handy and back panel is smooth which feels good while using ! . Stock android os gives smooth switch between apps ! . IPS screen gives great viewing angles ! . battery backup is good , u can use whole day ! . Okay google , service is great ! . touch screen response is great, typing is comfortable on keyboard ! . sound quality is good , awesome in headphones , bass quality is good ! . camera quality is good ! . Overall phone is great at this price tag ! . great invention by Google , will give direct update ! . Go for it !
Just grab it. Don't hesitate. Believe me it will fulfill ur wants. No one can afford such built in hardware and software with all functioning perfectly. Expectations met after buying it. What else can be expected more than that in this price. Good things are its 1. Sound quality 2. Display 3. OS and RAM 4. TILL now NO ISSUE IN PERFORMANCE. Bad things are 1. Soft keys are on displayy. 2. Camera doesn't have 5 mp quality. 3. In built gallery is not much designed.
First of all I won't compare this to any of the Xiaomi's because of my personal preference. I specifically crave for Vanilla Android for the pure android experinece and after updating my phone to 5.1 aka lollipop , perhaps it feels like it is the best Mobile Operating System till date. I speculated various phone before purchasing from various segments.While the specifications are not so flashy and attractive on the paper , you will never be disappointed by the performance. I use it extensively for MEDIA purposes i.e, loads of music and video streaming,never experienced a lag or hang. With judicial use of the juice the battery can last up to 15 hours. The camera can be a bit disappointing but when clubbed with some fine apps it can create some terrific PIECE OF ART! (I hereby attach two photos to justify.) For the price you pay this is something extraordinary.
Never buy this product. Within a month of delivery, the set has developed problems. Network goes off. Ring call is unnoticed, sound is not working. I had gifted it to someone, and it has emerged as a big gift. And now the person who had got this phone, is having tough time getting the problem fixed. I don't know if this could be returned or what. One this is sure, Amazon is no guarantee of quality of products in India.
Hello, I bought this phone after switching from an iPhone! This phone is for those who are very much dependent on Google and doesn't want to spend a lot of bucks on Nexus phones. This phone gives the best experience of using Google services. I'm very much addicted to Google Now. Pros: 1) Build quality is good, satisfying. 2) Screen is bright enough for outdoors. 3) Slim and looks stylish. 4) Nice performance scored decent in Antutu at this price tag. 5) Camera offers panorama, photo sphere, lens blur well. Cons: 1) Battery backup, hardly sustains a day in my hand. 2) Brushed metal effect around camera could have been better. 3) Headphones are useless for me, I use Creative EP-90 they are awesome. 4) Camera image quality is not that good. 5) LED flash is average. It's good for this price tag and it seems to impress me over iPhone 3GS!
After so many days of research and reading reviews over internet, finally decided to go with this one. I am surprised to see this phone with vanilla ROM and must accept that this is one of the best budget phone I have experienced. I was thinking of RedMi 1S (best specifications at affordable price) but there were few practical/basic concerns as mentioned below: 1. Somewhere read that Redmi 1S screen brightness in not good as A1. Even A1 screen is much brighter and clear 2. Redmi 1S OS is 4.3 which is the older OS whereas A1 has latest 4.4.4 with 2 years guaranteed updates. 3. Earpiece on RedMi 1S is not as good as A1. 4. Battery life is very good on A1 whereas I have read that RedMi 1S is not good in battery management. 4. In terms of service centres, there are more service centres of Micromax than Xiaomi I am personally really satisfied and highly recommend this phone over Redmi 1S.
A very good phone for the price. Being a gamer, I found that this phone actually supports almost all hardcore games. Its colours fade away at certain viewing angles and this is certainly not the vibrant of all phones in terms of colour. Still, it has a good display screen and so far have no troubles with its touch controls. A small battery life (which can be expected at this price range), but still manages to last for one whole day if you dont use it excessively or play too many games. Experienced no lag or any other troubles with the phone. A decent 5mp camera (comes pre-loaded with google camera), but struggles in low light. Comes pre-loaded with a lot of apps(askME, Amazon, Google Keep, Hike, etc...) most of which just take up the phone's extra space. You do have the option to move your installed apps to the SD card though. Overall - a very good phone to come at this price range.
I have been using this phone for a month, and I am thoroughly satisfied by its performance. Absolutely no lag, very very smooth interface. The camera is weak, but considering the price range, it is only fair. It is light weight, fits perfectly in the front trouser pocket without giving an uncomfortable bulge. I would highly recommend.
For the initial impression the rating is 5. Fluid, loud and clear. I loved it. Once the rooting is available for this I think this will be the perfect android. I have used moto e and moto g for 2 and a half month and I can tell that the phone was best but this one is going to give a tight fight. For initial impression battery also seems to be performing nice. Camera couldn't say much but ya it takes ok pics(not a camera guy :P). Sound is loud and clear no issues at all. Apps are movable to sdcard but you cannot use shortcuts of those on home screen as on reboot the shortcuts will be deleted. People say at this price what you could expect, I say at this price only we are expecting everything otherwise why anyone would buy this.
Hello as per mentioned in product specification. I didn't get Free Coupons worth Rs.2000 on Watches, Shoes & more. Please do the needful as earliest.
I bought the phone as a present for my Mom and she, being a first time user of smartphones (of any kind) was pleasantly surprised by the ease of use of stock android :). Review: 1) Nice build quality 2) Decent performance for everyday use (have been using it for a couple of days on a single sim card). 3) Vibrant display with decent responsiveness. 4) Apps work without too many hiccups (one app crashed a couple of times though) 5) Absence of gorilla/dragontrail glass is a dampner though. 6) Decent camera and flash. 7) Also just 2.something GB of internal memory (ROM) is available to the user.But it's ok for everyday use (Didn't expect this to be a gaming device.) 8) Nice video playback. 9) Decent battery life. Overall I rate it 85/100 Verdict: Decent phone for everyday use and compared with the promise of Android L update, quite a good deal for me.
I purchased this as a gift. The product was in hands on 3rd day after placing the order on 15th Sep'14 early morning (soon after Amazon India started displaying it on their home page) Detail product specific review is not possible but the person to whom it was gifted is happy and heard no complaints so far. In US and Europe, consumers gets latest smart-phones starting at $99 from mobile carriers or networks. Such thing never existed in India. No carrier has either will or prowess to provide best smart phone experience (with 3G) within INR 6,000-7,000 price range if a consumer buy their billing plan. Hall of Shame! Given this history so far, Android One is the first Smart Phone with very impressive specs is available to Indian Buyer at entry level price tag. This is the first true deal for Indian consumers ever since mobile phones came to India. And this is the reason for me buying this product!
I ordered this phone on 15 January & now I am glad to see it's performance. You have to install don't necessary application in your canvas a1: 1. My roll app for gallery 2. MX player 3. Es file explorer 3.Avast antivirus Pro's: 1. It has promised of getting future updates via Google. 2. It's has same design like nexus 5. 3. Built quality is also not bad 4. Nenamark scored 62.7fps which is even greater than my moto g2 5. Camera is also decent considering the price point. 6. Touch response is also amazing and even faster than my moto g2. Con's: 1. No gorilla glass protection. 2 screen is finger print magnet 3. Battery is low to my liking. Gaming: I have played some graphics intensive games like asphalt 8, dead trigger 2, leo's fortune, fifa 14. The phone ran all the game pretty smoothly. But overall it is a amazing handset
Incredible phone..have been using it for 20 days n there is not a single bit of lag..I have 135 apps installed but not even a single app crashed..the ram is sufficient for my usage and abt half is always free..camera is mediocre at dim light, but gud outdoors, plus u get a front camera. Its a true value fr money, with the circuit designing done by google engineers it's probably not going to go wrong ..also ive played most of the popular games and all were actually running well..it has mali 400 gpu that's quite powerful however tje only con is that it's calling speaker is not that loud except that everything os woeth thw price.also I'll be unjust on my part if I don't mention about the great customer support and service delivery that amazon provides..and what else does one want at 6.5 k..its a steal deal..my frnds even confused it with nexus when they first saw it..and thats bound to happen fr its awsum ui..
simply better jst worth d money , till nw no lagging or u can say no hang , today completed 2 months using this phn , 4 star for superb performance ,evrything is gud bt battery drains quickly only dis issue is arise in dis nyc phn othrwise it is perfect .... nw go wid yureka micromax wid cyanogen best deal at 8900₹ left dis one
Been using for about a month now - pretty happy with it. Positives: + smooth interface, compact, easy to hold and operate + Very clear display + Very good build quality + battery easily lasts 2 days, with normal call-time usage and about 2 hours of multi media play (but runs down with WiFi) + Great apps from Google Play - my favorite is newsstand Negatives: - Price: I think it is overpriced by about Rs. 1500, over its current price of 6500, since a Karbonn model with 5-inch display is available at Rs. 5000, with the same OS and with freebies such as flip cover (S2, or some of the other models) - Sound volume/ clarity not good enough when replaying videos - have to turn up volume, which drains power - Amazon's delivery is not as good as Flipkart's, in my experience. Flipkart gives better visibility (tracking) and is much faster
Smartphone at INR 6500 is not unique here in India, however having native android and full support from google is. Its a low cost sibling of nexus. Its processor speed is good, I could play games well. Touch is also very good, Rubber back is fantastic since it is scratch resistant. Speaker is good both ear piece and open speaker. The free screen guard is of low quality, within one month of the purchase I could see it has many scratches. No complaints about camera, just because the cost of the phone is about USD 100, we get decent pictures. Screen resolution is also very good, I enjoyed HD youtube streams. One thing I noticed the negative is the low quality SDcard holder. It broke the very first time I tried to insert the card. I sticked it with a tape and rest everything is fine. I did not go for an exchange since I wanted to evaluate others before doing, and also tape thing is working fine.
In Rs. 6499 , this is probably the best phone in Market. It has better performance that most phones which are more than double its price. Stock Android that comes with this phone is very quick and lag free. I was surprised with the battery life. Its last more that 24 hours for me , however my usage of device is not much. I make around 1 hours of calls , 1 hour of browsing , 1 hour of music and wi-fi is on all day. Camera is not that great , however you cannot expect everything good at this price. Good enough for sharing pics on social networks. Only con in my phone , my laptop does not detect memory card when i connect phone to it. I have a card reader so this is not a issue for me. However I will take it to service centre when i get time. Phone looks good, has a good display and music is also good. Below Rs 10000 , this is definitely the best buy in Market.
I recommend this to everyone who wants to have a full packed decently priced smart phone. Have used iPhone 4S for a long time and this lacks nothing in comparison other than perhaps the camera which is not as powerful (but decent nonetheless). I can use it like any smartphone is meant to (email, office IM, youtube, facebook, whatsapp, navigation... you name it, without being bothered with running out of battery every day). Comes with 8GB SD which is upgradable of course. After having used it for few weeks, I haven't felt the need to switch on my iPhone. Well, unless your phone is a status symbol for you, I don't see any need to go for any pricey ones that have equivalent features. For me a phone has to be reliable, fast, good battery that lasts for more than 1.5-2 days with moderate use and feature rich and this fits my bill! Got this for Rs 6499 and loving it. Amazon was super fast in delivering too.
Its a very good phone for its price. its battery back up is very good.yes there is no file manager but you have to installed the file manager apps in your mobile .After that you got file manager in your mobile and store anything in your mobile.While charging ,it is not heating also.camera quality is good.its UI is very good.
Awesome phone with great features as well as android update, there is no lag in this pH but depends on your luck if you get any problem in any micromax phone ,the company will never help you the customer service of micromax is very poor they don't response any call and email if they know that u r facing problem in the phone.
Budget phone Pros: * Processor & RAM - Speed is good * Stylish design & look * Camera ( Rear camera ) * Guaranteed OS updates (but till now no info about Lollilop update, let's hope for best) Cons * Battery backup (drains soon, if net is ON) * Phone hangs sometimes (but rarely)
Amazon service is so amazing. I got this phone in only 17hrs. After order. This phone is so beutifull by features and in looking. I am happy this. Camera is not too good in night.and front camera is in average. Music is so nice in earphone and also in speaker. BT totally excellent phone, in this price.
An awesome initiative by google.... Dis product is completely value for money.... D best phne available at dis price range.... Its even better dan d 1st gen Moto G (only nt in display).... Nice camera quality, 720p recording can b done flawlessly.... One of d finest budget Android phone available in d market....
I have already bought 3 phones in canvas A1 , one for my bro, my dad and my friend. The phone outclasses Moto e in every aspect except the gorilla glass. It comes with a cheaper price of 5500; android KitKat stock version makes the phone functions buttery smooth. The camera is Crystal clear in daylight and decent in night with the flash. Even the front cam is better than Moto g and some samsung and takes decent selfies. Some people compliant of android one not yet giving lollipop update but I don't find it a bigger problem. Battery lasts for a whole day. Charger is really good and it charges faster than moto or samsung chargers. The phone doesn't support otg and for this price tag we can't complain much. Display is Crystal sharp. Out of 3 phones I purchased, one model experienced some bad quality in phone calls, but that problem didn't repeat after that. This is a worth for money phone
I've ordered it on 14 October 2014 & on 29/10/2014 I've received the phone..due to delay amazon refund me 20%...yippi... I bought it via Card which also offer me 10% cashback..so total 30% cashback...so at this price the phone is awesome PROS: 1. Awesome Product Design 2. Software performance 3. Satisfactory Camera (May be somebody will disagree with me..but you can't except a DSLR like quality from a phone). 4. Awesome Display 5. Awesome Pre-installed Apps CONS: 1. When you remove the back cover you can find there just some tape (looks like black tape) under the power & volume switch.. 2. Battery (I've fully charge it by night at the end of noon it' reduce to 48%, may be my fault..I don't know)..I think all android one developers (Micromax, spice, karbon) have to concentrate on it.. 3. sometime heats ups...
I have been using this phone for the past ten days. Overall it seems fine. A few issues, When charging the phone the menu goes haywire and swings from one screen to another when you try to use it. This seems to be a bug. So if you try to open any application (say whatsapp) while the phone is on charge, some other app or screen opens and then the screens start opening and closing in turns on their own. Unplugging the charger solves this issue. Another issue is that after a couple of days you need to keep deleting or moving your whatsapp photos. videos etc. as otherwise the gallery becomes very slow whatever be the size of your memory card(I am using a 32GB Card). Maybe this is a setting issue I have not figured out. Phone performance is otherwise decent. Battery life could be better but lasts through a full day with average use. Overall for the price this seems to be a good phone.
Very nice when saying about both the mobile quality and amazon's quick and assured delivery. Comparing to Redmi this mobile is having less features in same price range. I tried both of these. But A1 rocks always. Pros : 1. Latest Android version - assured Google updates for 2 years. Sure will get Android L 2. Light weight & slim 3. Battery life - Though Its having 1700 mAh comparing to redmi(2000 mAh), due to over heat in redmi, Android 1 stands better than that. 4. Build quality - Standard features in given price range, comparing redmi it has lot features but in same price. :( will obviously affects quality 5. Front camera - 2MP - clarity rocks than Nexus. - Lets take a better selfie pulla. :) Cons : No cons found so far. Am using it for 20 days. Its double worth for money. Highly recommended to buy.
nice phone.....works efficiently .........no lags......but take a lot time to get charge almost 3 hrs........and battery drains faster ..........i think so the battery 1700 is not insufficient around 2100 must be there to support the device properly,.................about all its good ....waiting for new updates,,..
Super Phone....!!!! I sold my Nokia 710 in OLX n bot this phone.... Its been a month since I bot this phone... Awesome performance n just like NEXUS (my fren phone which I use more than him ;) ) only drawback is battery drains out lil fast cuz I use more of WiFi n play games more.... Over all handy n awesome phone
Good for such a low price range. In day light both camera are performing very well. In night light due to flash back camera is good. photo colors are also bright and impressive. Other feature are also normal. Good thing is it is a not hanging phone. Good in size easy to carry. Draw back is battery backup
I had ordered this phone without much expectations as I will not use this as my primary phone. So there is not much heart break. The processor is quite o.k. and web browsing is fine. A couple of things are unnerving - the alarm does not work when the phone is switched off. Signal latching in Data transfer mode fluctuates like the hands of an analogue speedometer of an amby. Wi-fi hotspot gets disconnected in between & needs refreshing. Battery backup will hardly last a day or less of regular usage with phone and 3G on. Battery percentage cannot be displayed as in Doodle 3. Looks quite good and feels comfortable in hand and is finishing is of a quality product. Screen resolution and viewing angles are very good. Standard games run fine without lag. Good for a first time user but even then there are so many options available now - except maybe for the 2 yr upgrades.
Awesome Product. No issues. Those who have problem with 4 GB ROM, let me tell you, all the downloaded apps can be moved to memory card directly. So no issue of low disk space. Amazon gives 8 GB memory card free. Also, all sensors work great. The screen guard is one of the In-Box items, you have to apply it yourself. Its completely a "budget-nexusy" kind of phone. Great amazon service. Camera is above average. Front cam is enough to make a good video call. There is absolutely no lag in the phone. Yes, "OK Google" works from any screen or even lock screen. Amazingly, phone is also able to record 1080p video from rear cam and 720p video from front cam. Pre-loaded apps are very less which is really a great thing. Usage is 1 to 1 and a half day. Charging is also quick. And yes, this phone will be receiving an L update as per Google I/O keynote.
I bought this for my father. Good initial experience with this phone, looks to be value for money product with this specifications- Good at Picture quality, Calling Voice clarity , smooth nevigation and Good 3g Video calling Average at- Modrate battery life ( even apple has ), network reception due to android one flaw( will explain u later how to over come it), music playback sound quality. Poor at - Till now not experienced Network Glitch- software gives option to choose 3g or 2g option alone. in lower network of 3g area this phone selects only network with higher range ie. 2g but even in same area other android phones work on even single bar tower of 3g. to over come this you need to do some trick press *#*#463#*#* and select WCDMA only this will allows to get reception on 3g network even in low range.Thanks to my brother for this trick
I P. Rama Mohan from Bangalore ordered on 30/09/2014 but i recieved on 06/10/2014 due to govt holidays with correct estimate date delivery. moble is very nice and all application are working fine. I got screen guard and 8 gb memory card along with phone. Now it working fine. Thanks u micromax and amazon
Absolutely no lag whatsoever. Performs brilliantly. No heating issues on prolonged usage of internet(only through WiFi). Battery lasts a good day and a half. Very good color reproduction on screen. Easy to use and since it's under the Android One program the user is eligible for free updates up until 2 years from the date of manufacture. I have gifted this to my father who is a first time smartphone user and he is very happy with the device in hand. At 4.5 " screen it is absolutely perfect for most of us Indians to use it with a single hand. The matt finish at the back helps the device from slipping from the palm. Camera takes average photos and the video quality would be considered better than average. Gives you and option of HDR in the camera...which gives good color saturation. As already stated, at this price it is too good a deal to let go
I'm a student and I needed a budget phone with good specs and this phone totally met my need. All high end games like Asphalt 8 and GTA:San Andreas are working fine, without any lag. Multi-tasking is also great. But the biggest let down and is battery backup. I'm a heavy user and I drained the battery of phone from 100% to 15% in about 4 hours. 3G was on, wi-fi was on. I was playing two games simultaneously and facebook and WhatsApp were running in the background. Surviving all of it, battery stayed charged for 4 hours. But according to the usage I made, I think battery is average. But it also takes very long to get fully charged. Otherwise the phone is great. And thanks to Amazon for delivering the phone in 3 days on Standard delivery in a rural area. This review was written using Micromax Canvas A1.
I bought this phone few days before. I got the faulty piece. Play store was unable to open and no installations happening. After that for returning the phone I need to take daily follow-up with amazon guys. It took almost 7 days to return pick the phone. I am neither satisfied with phone nor with amazon service.
The model is quite amazing. The phone with lastest options fullfill all my expectations, easy to understand and use, but some normal options like selecting a particular song as ring tone is missing and battery should last long for some more time or I will it a five star. Overall the phone is a good one to use.
Two years android update is the main criteria that i choose this product. Also, very good buy for this price, i had 500 amazon cash back too. The feature are good. But photos is blurred when there is slight shake. Initially i had some problem in the Wifi connectivity and it got resolved after multiple restart.
The touch at this price is fantastic can't promise for battery at maximum app usage simply superb in all aspects. Aspired more about the touch response. Camera resolution is great at this price best phone for this price with promised 2 years upgrades. A great offer better buy this and experience for yourself.
For a device costing just 6499, this phone certainly exceeded expectations. The pure Google experience or Stock Vanilla experience is seamless as ever and never lags a bit in day-to-day experience. Gaming is also pretty good considering the price range and the build reminds you of a Nexus device, mainly Nexus 5. GPS works perfectly and it even has a notification LED. The only con for this device is the battery life. I'm a power user, hence I'm getting barely 12 hours before I have to look for my charge . The device doesn't heat up much during gaming and it is quite clear Google has optimized the hardware and software to provide a seamless experience. Can't wait for the Lollipop update to arrive. The screen isn't the best in it's class. Lacks Gorilla Glass or Dragontail. There are instances of light bleeding from the edge and the blacks aren't deep black . But then again, its a very affordable device so all of this can be overlooked. In short, I'm more than satisfied with this device. PS. It took 10 days for Amazon to deliver it to Kolkata .
Did a bit of research before clicking the Buy button. And yes, the device lives up to its promises. Here are the few things that I think are important and noteworthy. Build quality: Reasonably good. Glossy plastic phone, but yes does not look cheap in any case. The back cover is removable, and sturdy when fixed. The Micromax fist logo adds chrome to the back and looks nice there. OS: Stock android, no bloatware is one of the main reasons that this device runs excellent and totally lag-free, which means, most of the RAM, nearly 70% is used for running your apps and not to sustain the pre-loaded apps. This effectively results in superior multi-tasking and smooth and fluid uer interface experience. Huge difference here with other phones that load tons of bloatware and finally leaving tiny bit of RAM for our apps which will leave a very terrible and frustrating UI experience. Fluid OS and great interface. Most apps that are needed for everyday usage like social media (whatsapp, skype, FB, hangouts, etc) banking, weather, e-commerce, games, run absolutely smooth and lag-free. Did not load heavy games like Asphalt, etc as I am not an avid gamer. Seen other reviews where those heavy games too run quite effortlessly. Camera: Does the job and solves the purpose. Just a notch above the average level. Flash is great. At this price, most big players skip the flash light which is so necessary in a country like ours. We use flash light for emergency purposes during power cuts, etc. The inconvenience is so huge when you dont have a flash light. Experience it to believe it. Don't expect DSLR quality pics from a mobile phone at this rate. Spare it. Screen quality: Viewing angles, colour rendering and pixel quality are impressive. A phone at this price surpasses expectations. Battery: 1700 mAh is just about sufficient. Runs all day long with reasonable usage of calls, texting, videos, gaming, etc. For me it lasts all day until I hit the sack. It does what is needed the best. Smartphones anyway drain battery faster. If you are a heavy user, investing a 2-3K more on a power bank is a sensible option. Overall - Great mobile to buy. I have a Moto G and did not find much difference expect for the screen resolution and a bit more memory space. Definitely much easy on the pocket at this price point and delivers superior performance. Go for it!
Pros: 1. Latest android updates directly from Google. 2. Fast processing speed. 3. Size that will fit into your hand properly. 4. Dual Sim. 5. "OK Google" hot word working anytime. [Not working every time in my Borther's Moto G] 6. Good Camera in this price range. 7. Stock Look & Feel. 8. No Heating problems. 9. Runs many games smoothly (Like Asphalt 8, Temple Run..etc) 10. Light weight. 11. Rubberized back helps to get good grip. 12. Never hangs. 13. High speed charger (1Amp) 14. Free 8GB Memory card from Amazon. 15. Free Scratch Guard. 16. 10% more cash back if you can use SBI credit card. 17. Front Camera better than Moto G Front Camera. (2MP>1.3MP) 18. External Memory card slot. 19. Detachable Battery. 20. Metallic guard with good finish that protects camera lenses from scratches. 21. IPS screen gives great viewing angles. 22. Touch is smooth and fast responsive. 23. Complete a day battery backup. (For average use only). 24. Notification LED. Cons: 1. Low speaker sound compare to my borther's Moto G. 2. Low internal memory space. 3. Low capacity Battery than Moto G (1700 mah) 3. Micromax Service Centre quality (Apart from Samasung I don't feel any other brands have good service centre). 4. No File Manager default App. Even Moto G doesn't have it. 5. OTG not supported. Suggestion: Best phone in this price range. GO FOR IT...
Some days back I was confused between xiaomi and canvas a1, but after reading some of the reviews I decided to buy this phone. And I say that I am not at all disappointed with my decision. I took it out from the box, and the design just appealed to me. People say that they like bar shaped phones but truly saying I find them quite uninspiring. The back is rubberised so you can get a feel while holding the phone. On the hardware spec the processor performs good and is able to run most of the heavy games. Multitasking was quite good. I opened 10-15 apps at once and it showed no lag. The ui of kit kat is just awesome and you come to know why stock android is called the best. Around 500-600 mb RAM is available for use all the time. Coming to xiaomi, I will say don't buy redmi. The phone looks good on paper but actually it's pathetic. The miui is terrible and the processor has been over clocked from 1.2 to 1.6 GHz. The phone gets terribly hot after just minutes of usage. Further the miui will take up most of your ram, with only 200-300 mb left for you. Although it is rumoured that redmi will get android l update but I think that would be negligible because they would over customize it with their pathetic miui. So don't spend your time, just close your eyes and buy this phone, a very good thing is just about to happen, or if you don't believe in micromax, go for moto e, but don't act foolishly and waste your money on a crap like redmi
Awesome device from Micromax... PROS: 1. Great screen(U wont regret choosing it over moto E juz because it is FWVGA, believe me u cant find any difference) 2. Great speed thanks to amazing kikat 4.4.4 n 2.5 GB solely dedicated for apps installations(Butter smooth operation n Most probabily no hangs, but that is yet to be seen), google maps appstore n all aps load very fast... hats off mmx 3. Good build quality 4. Great gaming experience, i dont care about the mediatek n mali GPU bein inferior to snap dragon as long as it is performing this good with games, after all, whats in a name LOL 5. Buttons are sturdy and of good quality and responsive too 6. Speakers are good not great, headphones are bad 7. Good network reception n voice clarity during phone calls 8. No much so called bloatwares, thanks to google, so you dont have to root to remove them. 9. Removable battery for indian mind set, but sadly its only 1700mAh I love this phone but still the short commings are short commings, so now the catch, CONS : 1. Camera is great in normal sunlight but not so great in dim light even with flash on, but better than Moto E for sure, but not full HD though. 2. Battery is juz 1700mAh, gave me 8Hrs full Online + download time with 2g net occasional 3G and wifi n calls. Still i would say Should have been bigger 3. When u r in a very weak 3G area or in unreliable 3G network, the phone wont pick up 3G network at all. 4. Fast Lollipop update promise was not kept by Google. After lollipop release, it took almost 8 months for canvas a1 to get it OTA converse to promise By google. And many other phones got it during the time being.
Five stars for the performance of the phone. Delivery was a little late. But my main reason for 1 star is for the software updates. I bought this phone believing in the promise made by Google that the phone will receive quick Android updates. Its been a year from the launch of the phone and not even a single update to the phone. Google doesn't even bother to comment on this matter. Even Microamax hasn't said anything about this. It feels like they have made a fool out of us. If you are looking for a phone with good performance and low price you can go for this but don't expect to get latest Google updates, never. If you want Google updates then go for Motorola phones. Motorola phones are getting updates quicker than other phones (even Nexus series). Better pay little more and buy Motorola but not this one. Very disappointed with Google and Micromax.
Well guys like the title says its a great product both from Google and Micromax great build quality although not a 720p screen but it being a IPS display the colours are rich and vibrant. Buttery smooth operation no lag at all play's heavy graphic games like Asphalt 8, Dead Trigger 2, Real Racing etc. Yes it does have LED notification but only 2 colors green or red. All the apps or games that u download are stored on the SD card by default. Doesn't support otg but I think that Android L update will resolve that issue. Battery is OK after a full charge it lasted 18 hours with watching some YouTube videos, playing some games & web browsing. Should have had at least a 2000 mAh battery. Does tend to get warm near the camera area while gaming. All in all great phone for the price will put higher price phones to shame with its performance. GO GET THE A1.
Very good phone in this price. Nice look, crisp and clear display, good sound quality (though the volume is low as compared to my previous Nokia C7 but the quality and volume are quite good while using headset provided with the phone) and quality of both front and back camera is quite sufficient for me as i am not a professional photographer. The phone is working fine since i bought it, touch is very sensitive, apps open very quickly and run smoothly without hanging, Videos run smoothly though i have not tested Games on it as i don't play games. The Battery back up is suficient for a day for medium user but not sufficient for playing games, watching videos and using 3G internet for long hours (More than 3-4 hours). Overall a very good phone in this price range. I have purchased First time from Amazon and i am impressed by their services.
Its a great phone the performance is pretty good, i play games all the time but haven't noticed any lag whatsoever, even with heavy games. Both the cameras are better than expected. With normal usage the battery would last a day. Display is nice. There is not much else you can ask for at this price. There are a few problems though. Like it gets heated pretty quickly while playing games, especially ones that require online gameplay, but again that is the case with every phone out there, especially for heavy gamers. The call volume and speaker volume is not that great. Also, there is too much google intervention here for my liking. Some google apps like Photos, have replaced useful and much more convenient apps like the default Gallery. But its not a big concern. I would still recommend this phone over moto-e or asus.
It is a very good Android phone but its battery gets exhausted within 10-12 hours( in normal usage). It might be possible that the battery of my phone is faulty. The Customer Care should take a note of it and do the needful in this regard. Best, Dr. Rajesh Chandra Mobile: 09811122459
The phone preforms as expected. This is a review after nearly a month and half's use. The product was delivered in three days in spite of booking it under two day shipping but amazon refunded the shipping charges promptly. The packing was decent though no bubble wrap was provided, the product was intact. Pros: No visible Lags even when multiple processes runs in the background Battery lasts for a day with Phone calls, Whats app, Casual Gaming, WiFi on for nearly half the time. Camera is decent, nothing to complain about. Display is crisp, Text is readable in sunlight. Sound is crisp and clear Upgradeable to Android L Cons: Bloatware apps like 'ask' are a bit annoying. Micromax After sale service is known to a be bad experience in India. No OTG support.
Basic Phone which good enough features. <b>I liked..</b> Cheap Fast Processor and 1 GB Ram Stock Android, so UI is fast and smooth Bright Display Touch responsiveness is good Good Enough speaker <b>Maybe Not..</b> Had a few issues with calls, says Out of range or switched off, didnt happen with my L620 Rear camera could have been better Display is not very crisp as in Moto E Design is a bit odd.. dosent feel comfortable to hold but is ok once you get used to it Haven't tested out the battery life as I like my L620 & wanted this for development purposes Low inbuilt memory <b>Overall..</b> A great phone at this price range, promise of Android One. Surely recommended. One of the best I have seen till date from Micromax. (It's a google after-all.. :P)
I bought it on republic day concession deals for Rs 5000. I started using it intensively for gaming. It's battery backup is very poor and system is overheating and sometimes it's hanging. Camera quality is poor. As of now the product is ok. But what happens in future I need to check and update further.
Just Got the Phone, It's nice sound is audible and touch is awesome, camera is also good. but screen guard is not as good.
Phone are working good... Vidio quality r playing good on the basis of resolution.. Camera is average, it cann't be compareble with NOKIA lumia 520 with 5 mp camera... Result of flashed image in night is not good, so any person who want to buy this item on the basis of camera then they should be go with nokia or any other... Phone r working smoothly but it will be hang when it charged with different charger... Battery life is average, on vidio play 3-3.5 hours. Music player is average, it is not better than nokia,samsung.... The audio speaker sound is low but speaker sound is sweet... It will give better net speed on 3-g & its internet speed on 2-g is very slow compare to another mobile as like nokia & samsung OVERALL AVERAGE PHONE.... IT CAN GET 3-STAR FROM MY SIDE DUE to "ANDROID ONE"
For the price at which the phone is available, and the responsiveness of the phone are not matched. For a moment if I forget that the phone is for just above 6K, the phone itself is pretty good. The build quality is not great, and it is only because for the quality of the plastic used and not with respect to fitment of all the elements. The software is light and responsive. With the latest OS on the phone and assured OTA this is an overall satisfying phone. Only thing to note is at times it might hang due to intensive apps, but for the price this phone is, it is really not a deal breaker. Just the kind of phone you want to gift to people who are either not heavy users, or end up breaking a phone every now and then and what to give them a cheaper (price-wise) phone and not compromising too much on software.
Mobile is good but like every other mobile it also has few cons. Camera : It is very good in Dayllght. Its not that much bad as everyone mentioned. We must know, when it is mentioned as 5 megapixel in paper it will be 5 megapixel only and not 50 megapixel. But it is VGA during night. Battery : Better one. All smartphones run 1 full day once charged fully. This is no different. Usability : This is the best feature of this mobile. You will find this kind of touch screen in more 20k mobile. Such great it is. If you are using a smartphone for business purpose you MUST try this mobile. My Ratings Camera(In daylight) - 4 stars Camera(In night) - 2 stars Usability - 5 stars Battery - 3.5 stars Overall - 3.5 stars
1. Great before time delivery by amazon people. Order was received 3days before the estimated day of delivery. 2. Great looks from micromax, front is very similar to nexus 5, 3. Over all build quality is best for such cheaper phone, atleast better than that of other samsung and micromax products available in market. 4. Feather touch, great touch at this price. 5. No lag at all. 6. Great camera, dosent seems its 5mp camera at al, feels far more better. 7. Low earpiece , but still clearly audible in noisy atmosphere. 8. No OTG facility 9. LED notifaction besidea front earpiece, but must download an app for its functioning 9. Awsome product by micromax, thumbs up for every effort of micromax behind this phone. Must go and buy micromax canvas a1 rather than buying other expensive products.
This phone is one of the best products Micromax ever designed. Thanks to google. Hardware and software both are excellent at this price. Processor, RAM, WiFi and other hardwares are great. Camera is typical micromax camera no improvement here. But anyhow it is providing you with 5mp rear and 2mp front. Talking about the software none of the companies can match its software as it has the most latest software by google and little or no tweaking by the manufacturer that is Micromax which makes it even more splendid. Face unlock is very much accurate. Typing patterns are also recorded to get the most desired results for even the Hindi words. The drawback of this phone is only its battery which is of very less mAh. And drains fast even if you are not running any heavy apps. But still its the best. You should definetly go for it.
Expected an HD screen, camera quality is average, Battery is good, performance is very good, Speaker's are fairly loud, headphone give fair bass with good audio quality (incomparable with xperia z like phones),Nothing special in UI (same like other basic kitkat phone's interface),consists of 2-3 bloatware (no problem), looks is premium but its very slippery for a single hand use, no internal user memory (but comes with an 8 gb card), no mass storage support, only media device making it slow in terms of data sharing among PC's! So all in all its a good phone. At this price, its quite good, with the guaranteed future os updates. But I suggest those who can wait, please wait till A1 comes to other brands also, especially xolo. They make quality products, and this blend of A1 with their premium is going to be highly anticipated!
hey friends i am writing this review about the use of 1 month of mmx canvas a1. friends this phone is awesome. i read many review before buying this product but finally i decide to buy it and i am happy to this. gies i read many review about camera that camera is not much better but i think at this price is the best camera features. when i make video of about 8 minute it is more than 900 mb . it camera is awesome . according to my personal experience i saw that the mmx phone whose came is bulked out had take good pictures.. obtusely its battery is not much good it last for one day if you call and check mails. believe me "mein bhi darta tha karidne se phale but meine jab isse apne haat mein liya tho mere sare dougt clear ho gaye" GO FOR IT GOOD PHONE GOOGLE ROCK'S... "SMALL NEXUS"
I have been using Micromax Canvas A1 (Android One) for last few weeks, and I find it as a value for money phone. Delivery was done on the fourth day, and, for me, it is quite fine. The box came with free screen guard and a 8GB micro SD Class 6 card. Till now, I have not faced any issues with this phone. It comes with 5 MP camera, and it takes very good quality photos. GPS lock is also blazing fast. For my average use, the battery full charge lasts for 2 to 3 days. Other functionalities such as Bluetooth, 3G connection, tethering, etc. work fine. Overall, I am very much satisfied with this phone, and I would also recommend it to others if they are looking for a decent budget smartphone. But, Micromax could have provided hardware navigation buttons instead of putting them through screen. Thank You.
Overall great value-for-money phone at this price. Xiomi competitor only boost great specs but build quality is not that good. This A1 is a very practice phone is for a person with common moderate use, who don't want to replace the phone frequently, but wants the phone to feel new for quite a long time. Pros : Very fluid operation even with multiple open apps. Build quality and speaker quality are good. Easy and guaranteed android updates for 2 years, replaceable battery, add-on SD card ensures that device will be usable for long run. Cons: Battery needs to be recharged after 8-9 hrs of moderate use. Enhancements: No flip-covers, back-covers from micromax itself, like moto devices. Other in market are not good quality. Micromax should consider producing themselves.
Works fine when compared to price. Few glitches observed so far may be wrt android one. Keyboard while fast typing will taketime to swutch to small character so you end up with first two character capital. Seen flickering screen once after purvhase and I hope it is one time.
This is a budget android phone having premium features. But on ground level it does not deliver what it promises. Yes, we can't expect anything more from a local brand who is not so famous. Pro: - good screen quality in this price range - good touch response - decent battery life (not wow) -big screen - led notification - some downloaded apps can be moved to sdcard - high end games run smoothly - light weight Cons: - back portion near cammera get heated like pressure cooker while playing any kind of games - some minor lags during multitasking with heavy apps(it's obvious in this price range) - music not loud enough - cut micro sims doesnot work. You have to buy new sims - below average accessories - stock android.. no customization done by micromax
This is a very economical product from Micromax. 1 GB RAM supported by Quad-core 1.3 GHz Cortex-A7 delivers very good processing speed. 4 GB of internal memory allows you to install most applications, barring heavy games. The design looks glossy and cute, but not the slimmest phone around. Camera quality can be said to be fair, not amazing. When you consider the price with overall specifications, you will be satisfied by what this phone can offer. 4.5" Display have 218 ppi pixel density, which is okay for basic needs. The area where Micromax can improve is their battery back up. In this phone they have provided only 1700 MAH batter. Price varies between 4500- 6200 along different sites. The reason why I recommend Amazon.in is its amazing delivery speed and ease of return process, had there been any problem.
full satisfied with this phone...but i received this product on exact provided date ...good but not very good delivery services...i received a gift voucher but all are waste because so many condition with this gift voucher.....but product is very good camera amazing....battery backup average...
awesome phone !! no doubt it beats moto g which is double the price !! proud to use an indian product !!
I bought a Micormax Canvas A1 with Android One almost 2 months back. It is a great phone and value for money. It has fully loaded features for such a small price. In the beginning, I was attracted towards brands like Motorolla(Moto E) and Xiaomi and Micromax being a semi-brand didn't attrat me much. But the whole lot of features are exceptional.Both the cameras are awesome. The rear camera has a quality far better than 5 MP and the company claims the front Camera to be 2 MP but it's 2.4 MP actually. It has a smooth working on its quad core CPU with lots of RAM. Though sometimes it reboots on trying to open multiple files but the overall performance is superb and not many lags were detected. The design is somewhat awful and old fashioned but the body is strong and a bit bulky. 6.5k for such a wonderful phone is awesome.
I receivd Android one a week ago after the use of one one week everything is working fine and perfect , the phone has an awesome touch response and fast respond to our command without any delay so the processor is super speed . i heard a complaint about the camera of android one but camera feels awesome for both rear and front. Battery life is OK! But we should also keep in mind that the phone Price. I early used an Xperia mobile. I am more comfortable with this mobile. But the one thing that i want to know about whether a pendrive can be detected or not? When i connected a pen drive through usb cable the phone doesn't respond. So please clear this. i think the battery life problem will be resolve through ANDROID L update and i think it will receive soon! Thanks amazon for faster delivery and micromax for an awesome mobile phone!!!
Very bad quality mobile. After 2 month suddenly its totally dead, Totally dead. Suggest not to buy. Poor hardware quality.. What about my money? Is my money wastage. It seems Online shopping wastage of money. also Micromax product assembled with poor quality hardware.
I wanted to buy this product for my wife. She do not intend to use mobile a lot, so moderate battery backup is fine to us. Also good processor performance, camera to click pictures occasionally, moderate memory space was my requirement. After reading lot of reviews from this and other forums, I have chosen this device. Also knowing that Google is backing this product, there was no doubt that this product will be great in this price tag. After having the product in hand and playing/using it with for 1 week, I realized that my decision to buy this product was not wrong. I am listing my experience with this product after using it for 1 week: Pros: - Great performance in terms of speed, with no hanging, lag (Great combination of hardware and software) (I have used Redme 1S for few minutes, and I want to tell you folks, Android one device outperforms Redme 1S in terms of performance) - Fantastic OS - fluidic, responsive. - Great RAM management. Always remains 400-500 MB free even you open lot of apps. - Good looking - Average quality camera - Decent memory - Few apps can be moved to SD card (not all apps) (In-build apps cannot be moved to SD card) Cons: - Buttoms are on the screen (better design would have been made). Lot of space at the bottom of the screen are unutilized. - Apps like Amazon, Hike, etc which are installed by default cannot be uninstalled. It can only be disabled. If these apps can be uninstalled, some more memory could have been released. - Mobile case is still not released. This would have been released simultaneously with the phone. - Screen guard is not available (though I know 1 free screen guard is available with the mobile phone.) [I messed up the screen guard while pasting it on the mobile phone screen - air bubbles got into the interface] [Edit: screen guard are now available on Amazon] People tend to compare this phone with high end mobile phone in terms of camera performance, screen resolution, battery backup, etc. But they forget that what you pay is what you get. Inspite of such a low price tag, its performance is great - no hanging, no lag. It has fantastic OS - pure Android, no customization. For me this is more important than screen resolution and great battery backup (I hate lag/hang of the device). For this, you need to pay more. There are lot of products in this open market to satisfy these needs. I am using IDEA micro-SIM card with this device. No network and no 3G problem so far. I am having Samsung Galaxy Note 2 device. Still I like this Android One device, keeping in mind the price tag. Overall, I am very happy with this device. I will give 5 star, keeping in mind the price tag. Will highly recommend this device who has budget constraint / have limited usage / knows the limitation of this device (decent camera, decent screen resolution, decent memory, decent battery backup). Amazon is great in terms of packaging and shipping of the product. 5 star to Amazon.
From the very minute I was disappointed. Trying to use the camera it kept saying insert a sd card. I had already inserted the 8GB sd card provided with the phone. I tried with another card and the result was the same. On contacting the Micromax helpline I was told to use a class 6 card - the card provided was of class 6. Then at Micromax's suggestion I took it to the local service centre (at Shyamapalli Kolkata). But they too were clueless. What was worse was their treatment of customers - The Senior Most person was actually scolding and screaming at the client whose set was not rectified and the service centre was repeatedly failing on delivery dates - it was disgusting observing the antics of Service personnel. What good is a smart phone without a camera and the phone leaves the factory in defective state?
yes its really amazing with Amazon Offer performance,camera,sound,Net speed,Body design,app support everything is perfect but i am facing only one problem with wifi its automatic Disconnect every 1 or 2 hours plz solve this issue replay me in mdalimpasha@gmail.com or 09533745192 Hyderabad
Pros: Good Ram and processor. No lag at all. Display looks good and bright. Can play games without any lag. Will be getting Lollipop update as promised . Has LED notification. Camera is decent. Cons: Battery backup is very very poor. It doesn't even hold charge for 6 hours in normal use. It will turn off automatically and has lot of heating issues. Charging the phone to 100% will take exactly 4h 16m. Apps are getting corrupted automatically. Call quality is bad. Speaker wasn't loud enough. It is made up of cheap plastic. Not recommended to gprs and 3g users. If you use it for 10mins. Charge will reduce by 5% Overall not recommended to buy. It is not at all durable. Surely you will be getting lot of problems day by day.
Very good phone at this price. Camera perform good in daylight but give average output in lowlight but it is ok at this price. Switch between apps without any lag. Battery give one day backup for normal usage. Touch is smooth. I can't find any negative point in this Google gift.
It's handy 4.5 inch IPS display display, but sad with low display resolution (expected HD display) The device specifications are Good, Better Performance and Pure Android experience. Device runs 1.3GHz Mediatek Quad Processor with Mali 400MP2 GPU and 1GB Ram along KitKat OS. Guaranteed latest OS upgrade from Google till Aug 2016. Device supports 2 Micro Sim. Camera clarity is better than Other two Android one devices. Cons: - Low 1700mAh Battery; Needed at least 2000mAh battery for long lasting usage (cross finger lollipop update sort out battery issue). - Low display resolution - Can't install apps to external SD card (coming lollipop developed to adopt Apps to Sd card). - No OTG support. It's better One to select than Other two Android Devices.
The 'Android One' range specifications are standardized by Google & OS updates are guaranteed. Games run fast because of the Quad Core/1 GB RAM/ 4 GB ROM. It does get hot, but the rubberized back-cover helps. Over all a good product, has GPS/Proximity/Light-sensor. NFC would have been better. I was thinking of buying an LTE (4G) phone, but few models are available and none are cheap. Also 4G phones are band specific, so first you have to know the band of your network & buy a compatible phone. Then I thought of Xiaomi Redmi 1s, but the reviews about hanging, and it getting very hot, made me hesitate. Hot phones can explode & hurt children. besides, Xiaomi has yet to build its reputation in the Indian market. Thus I decided on the Canvas A1, as Micromax has the largest presence and a good reputation in India.
It's a great mobile phone from google. The camera is good, it's back panel feels primium, the looks are owesom, but batter y life is pretty much good....it's a great hand set for younger generation, the gesture write makes more convenient to write fast....great mobile phone to buy....:)
Hi All, I got this mobile a week before, I am amazingly happy with the mobile performance. Its a great mobile at this price. Reasons to buy mobile: Its configuration at this price Great Looks Awesome touch feel Fare Battery Back up Easy to handle, speed of mobile is good even with 2G. HD video quality is ok. Negatives Camera Clarity is not that good. Outspeaker music is good, I have not checked music with earphone since I hardly listen to music with ear phone. I am totally satisfied with this mobile, since it meets most of my requirements within my range. I have used high end mobiles link Samsung S Advance and Sony Z this mobile speed is much better compared to them. Regards Vasant H.
Great Phone. Worth buying @6.5K. Much better than any other phone. ~ Box Contain Phone + Charger + Headsets + Screen Cover + 8GB Card. ~ Got phone delivery in two days .. :) ~ Phone is super fast and its touch is very good / very smooth. ~ Phone does not get heated after long use of internet ( 3G, 2G & on WiFi ) ~ Battery life is very good - Tried on 3G, 2G & on WiFi ~ Camera quality is nice & Flash can be used as Torch ~ I do not see any concern in this phone so go head. ~ Also all apps work on WiFi and I am able to update on Wifi including Playstore ~ Phone does not hang and I am impress with its performance ***Phone does not have File Manager - But can be downloaded from Play store which I did & Now no issue :) ***Phone does not have Contacts as normal Phone - downloaded from Play store - Now no issue. Can delete all contacts or edit it.
This is a faulty product and micromax do not have any replacement/repair warrenty. Parts of this handset is unavailable in Market. Lock/power button does not functions. Voice controller button does not works. Both these parts are unavailable in market!! Please dont purchase micromax product. Also I will recommend buyer dont get hypnotised by looking at the cheap offers by specifications of product and price, spefication are incorrect. Dont buy these product from Amazon because 1. Replacement warrenty is only for 1 month, then you have to look for store where your Item can get repaired. 2.Even if you locate some service center they will avoid repairing these product by guy s*** reasons for unavailability of parts. 3. Amazon do not havwe any customer care facility, most disappoiniting!!
Value for money Phone with all goodness of Google and MM. Super fast, no hanging issues unlike other MM phones. The stock android software blends smoothly with the made for Google hardware. Battery was mentioned as a issue by some. But with 1 months experience I can say that though only 1800 man, it remains for the whole day unlike Samsung phones.Every drop can be used.Easy to handle and sound quality is also good. Though specs are not great, this phone crosses your expectations. Best phone among the 10 I have ever purchased. And as always, the best shopping experience from Amazon Super fast delivery and out of the world customer service. Thanks and this is the reason why I have been buying thoughtful or the other every month from amazon. No more brick and mortar shopping. Only Amazoning!!
Being an android lover i was looking for a good android phone like google nexus to buy.But the reason which was pulling back me was the high cost of nexus devices. My budget was 12,000 and i was considering moto g 2 nd gen. But at that time i came to know about android one launched by Google. After waiting for a month since its launch i had read lot of user reviews and expert review videos from various websites. I ordered one. After using for 1 week only one word.....Awesome Phone at this price range (6499).I would recommend this to all budget smartphone buyers. Amazon delivered it within 4 days. Happy with this product. No problem for me till now except low battery backup (like all android phones) lasts only for one day maximum in 3G usage.
Looking at the price range, this is the best phone. I can easily compare it with android phones upto the range of 9000/-. The phone response is fast and setting up the phone initially was easy. After updating all the applications, I have decent space still left in it. The photos are of decent quality and with enough clarity to upload in Facebook. Signal strength / Call quality is also decent and had no problems while making receiving calls. Battery lasts for one day, even though two sims have been inserted. Note, I do not listen to music or use the phone in browsing much. I have taken a class 10 HP MicroSD card along with it. Not using the class 4 card supplied along with it. Didn't have any interaction with the customer service, so have no idea of it.
Cons: -Battery drains fast, Micro max Alway gives every smart phone with a very less talk time. -out of all the brands micromax has a very bad battery management . -better go for spice android 1 for if you want a good battery backup / talktime. - my phone's micro usb port was damaged due to wear&tear and for which the Customer case charged ₹ 600 , with out a receipt !!!!! Later i realized it would have costed approx 100 or 200 if have visited the local phone repair shops. - Ya Customer service is worst !! - with my past experience of micromax mobiles , every time i purchase the micromax smart mobile(feature phone are good) , i had to pay a visit to customer service and all the time iam extremely unsatisfied, i hate it and i stopped purchasing Micromax.
Phone is overall good but before u buy go through dis points... 1 you have to compromise ur sim card, yes u have 2 cut ur sim card to its slot size. 2. No file manager in phone you have to purchase from market. 3. Pre apps are big headach u have to disable cant uninstall.
Guys this phone is best at this price range, I bought this phone befr 3week I checked to it limit with high end gaming..everything this phone did well it didnt hang itself it performed really very smooth...only con's s its battery back up not to good but OK it will last up to 1 day like other android phone...while gaming it lasted for 3hr continuously.. Standby time will b 2days...display quality is good not too bad its feels nice and looks decent no problem with tat...and these "android one phones have kind of error while download over WiFi" ther's no such issues at all...go for it guys its really best don't bother abt d negative reviews...becuz I was bothered abt those negative reviews when I tried to buy this phone...so don't consider them...its d best phone at this price range..
Android One! Good Thinking..... Quality is good as I was thinking...Better than other mmx handset. Performance is better than my nexus 7(2012). Camera woow...you will not find such quality in this price with 1080 FHD recording! Front 2mp camera is a good deal for video chat. Resulation is less as expected but display looks sharp, viewing angle is satisfying... Sound output of from the speaker is also satisfying. And looks so premium....that it was made for. Though some things I don't like about this android One device.... The main problem is wifi connection drops frequently.... Headphones looks so cheap and I found it defected in the box....I threw it in the garbage!!! Yes, I am satisfy and recommend it....You should grab it right now.
Sir I have purchased Android one Micromax Canvas A1 but very said to note that this dual SIM mobile is not having facility to switch off one SIM at a time. The main purpose of any dual SIM mobile is to avoid keeping two phones in pocket. When official mobile number after long work hours needs to be switched off and keeping other personal SIM active for family members and friends are required , This is not happening in newly released Android one phone. I am very disappointed to see this flaw in such new phone. Even after purchasing dual SIM mobile I need to keep two phones in my pocket. Official number as well as personal number phone. Please see the matter and guide accordingly. Hope best from Micromax Regards Amit K Suthar 09887492380 Chittorgarh Rajasthan
first of all i have to thank for delivery service, it's so amazing i got just in one day. coming to the product nice functioning all its capabilities, processing speed, andriod version, updates and camera and all the features are in best according to the cost of this mobile.
I have been using the product for six months now.. No problems as such related to phone so far.. The most important point to be noted is its good looking and feel and it has good grip to hold on and no overheating as such.. Camera is good.. front cam too is good to have selfie.. The only problem I face is the heavy draining of battery.. still it has not got switched off even at the lowest battery level.. It takes a lots of time to charge also.. It lacks GALLERY option in the MENU.. we have to go to storage to access the files and folders.. else through photos..!! The consistent price of the product from its launch shows its popularity and quality.. The OS update is yet to receive, even though MOTO products have already received Lollipop update..!!
very poor since beginning we are facing wi-Fi connection issue. we have taken the handset to service center. They did some thing. Agin next day same problem persisting. pl. replace the handset at the earliest. Jayateertha Mobile:+919717692052
For this price INR 6500 this phone rocks all the specs are best....... Phone for average user not for gamer but it supports almost each game but heats up little bit when u play games for while..... you can't expect more from it at this price.... Truly satisfied...
Awesome phone asumming the next update of android is available. I could ask for a larger space and also greater battery duration just lasts for 8hrs straight with continuous gaming, location ON, 2G ON etc. Also OTG support for the phone could be provided. I had slipped the phone 3 times off my hands, but i had got no big issues except for the scratches on the screen guard (Also I've not put a case yet then also no issues). Phone performance is awesome its a legendary day for me with my phone. the camera and audio is great considering the decent resolution. also my antutu and other benchmark scores are pretty decent (18097 score). The phone's great but im still waiting for my lollipop........ when in time they will release it.
Pros : - Not a single lag. -smoothest android ever. -excellent screen depth and brightness. -can move apps to sd card. -guaranteed lollipop update -good grip. Generally no need for a flip cover. You can replace its default back easily in 150₹ Cons: - The biggest problem is battery life. Needed at least 2000 Mh! Badly sucks! -stock earphone ate just crap. You have to buy a good earphone. OVERALL EXCELLENT PRODUCT! I bought it from a local shop in 6300₹ +500₹ earphone . Again, it is probably the smoothest mobile available in market! If you are not a die hard fan of android L, then I HIGHLY recommend Unite 2. My brother has MMX unite 2 and that is far better than a1! (Screen & battery & Benchmarks)
good phone and a phone by micromax which you can buy blindly as it is the part of google's android one program. i am not a fan of micromax because of the after sales service but as compared to other android one phones from karbonn and spice micromax is well established and is improving. it also contains a notification LED which you will not find in the specifications. i will not go into technical details but just say that for your moderate day usage it performs very well and is very fluid thanks to google for the optimized android experience. don't compare it with xiaomi redmi 1s and asus zenfone 4.i admit they have better specs but you have to make sure in case of some problems you have service center present in your city or town.
I was suggested by my brother to buy the product... It was new to market and was not available in stores... This was my first purchase on amazon and also a first purchase online... I was worried about the delivery process... I was glad it reached in time by FedEx and was nicely packed.. It has a screen gaurd inside the box... The phone is like other smart phones.. Having all the common features.. It has a standard size screen easy to hold... Looks classy... But the battery drain out now and thn .... Otherwise its good.... It has to be handled with care... I despise buying any product without scanning reviews.. Since this was a new product there were not much review available... So I took a risk .. Apart from the battery ... Its a win win situation....
I ordered andriod one as it was offered me for 5500 but once I receive it battery was discharging like anything total stand by shows 160 hours in specifications I hardly got one day without touching the mobile. So I returned it amount refunded back to my account in day .
cons:- Battery capacity is low Camera clarity is not good(resolution is ok but motion object photo will be in blurring) speaker sound is low all other remaining things are good touch screen is good processor speed is good ! gb ram
It is one of the best phones for beginners and at this price range. Everything about the phone from screen resolution, voice clarity, touch, battery backup is very good. The camera is alright for clicking photos in normal light and also for using skype/viber video calls. Haven't used it for any heavy gaming so don't know anything about it's performance in that regard. All I know is that Candy Crush and Temple Run 2 work fine without any lag. The only negative that I found was the low internal memory which gets filled up after downloading just a few basic apps like watsapp, facebook etc. External memory doesn't help as not all the apps can be transferred to the SD card. The only way out is to disable auto update of your apps so as to utilize maximum space.
Great news now Lollipop 5.1 version instantly upadate available now. I sold my samsung galaxy s duos and I bought android one on 10 th october.. Compare to samsung galaxy s duos this product is very good in term of professor, kitkat os , much intenal memory, running smooth not hanging like S duos... Display clearty also good. Build is very good. Multi smooth touch.. I don't like camara result its not good as samsung phone.. Speaker volume in call little slow than other. Basic app like gallery, filemanager is missing you have to download first. Notification light have only two colour red and green not much lighting like blackberry.. I wish it have other colour too. I am afraid name of micromax but not like other micromax phone it really good.. over all its really good product.. Except camara..
This smartphone is better in performance than canvas doodle 3. Only problem with my handset is that its camera quality is not like 5MP camera quality. But its okay. This phone is very smooth. Battery backup is great,front camera is good,Android KitKat,and all is good...
I am delighted to write this review this phone is one of best phone that u will get under 6.5k price tag....I was only disappointed with the battery of this phone....it struggles to last a single day in dual sim but if u use single sim then it will last for one day....
Got my Mobile 2 months back and i tried playing around with most of the options.Here is my review I accept that the look and touch is good and i was happy with the phone for first 1 month. Then started the problem, My micro phone not working. I have purchased 4 phones and this problem is present only in this one. I took it to micromax service centre and they said it might take 1.5 weeks to repair the same. Spares are not available. I was wondering how the spares are not there for one of the fastest moving mobile in the market. I'm scared what will happen if i get any repaid after 2 years. Now i'm back to square one using my old mobile and waiting for the call from customer care. Service wise i'm totally disappointed. Not sure about the reliability of the phone.
very gud mobile value for the money camera also very gud front and rear video record and playback 1080p very gud bright display smooth and fast touch loud speaker very loud head phone is nt gud android update 2 years only
Device is excellent for the price range. Everything works fine as claimed but not the airtel offer. Offer says 100 MB free data per month for software update & 200 MB free data per month for App download or update, for 6 months at http://www.airtel.in/handset-offers/index.html#android_one_all_mobiles . Airtel users please activate your net pack before you download or upgrade anything. If you have already have netpack activated then your data from internet pack will be deducted. This means it is a misrepresented offer, you will not get any data from this offer. I have contacted the customer care several time, they say all type of stories but not able to rectify the problem. Better you get the net recharge and wishfully think you have an offer from airtel....
Guyz ...m using this last 20 days......such as awsm phn....feel like mini nexus 5......all vdo support.....even mkv format to.....but require 3rd party app like mx player....only otg missing...... Btry backup good.....hope android l update may support otg feature...
PATHETIC after sales service.Dont buy micromax if you cant afford one phone every year because the phone works for an year after which u'll have to run around the service centre. Today i went to get my A1 canvas phone serviced the service center was literally filled with customers with major issues (took me an hour to get past the queue.In the mean while i talked to some of the customers infact many have issue with the phone in less than an year.The service center staff always find an excuse to deny service on ridiculous grounds and reasons.That being said even i was denied service they told me that the power strip was torn and they cant provide free service for physical damage.However its just a plastic strip and it can tear with normal usage.dicks!!!
Hi, Really its amazing phone micromax canvas a1 in this price range, its internet speed is very fast even in 2g, Quick updates the softwares, Both camera are fine, But I'm not able to record video continuously, is there any reason pls let me know, Battery is quite good for one day, Notification LED is grt feature of this phone, But I'm not satisfied the accessories of these phone headphone n charger look like any other normal phone, Side buttons of volume n unlock keys are quite hard, Processor heats more quickly when we use Internet for more than half an hour, Sound quality is good. But I satisfied with this product... I suggest one thing, in next addition of this phone Width should expand...
I'm anable to download apps on my android one mobile help me getting error while diwnloading
Have been using the phone since it's launch date... The phone is amazing for its price.. My other phones are Samsung Galaxy S ，Grand and I phone. The best feature is the stability of OS and automatic push upgrade of new versions of OS. In fact three days back got automatically upgraded to Lollypop. Where couple of other phones ( except of course IOS) you need to go to the authorised dealers for the upgrade wrt this phone you enable data and the OS is updated automatically. Only issue with the phone is the internal memory which comes on the way for upgrade and the battery juice. The battery is a problem and if you are a heavy use before sunset you need to recharge... Otherwise a stable phone with great features which are only available in a 20 k phone
Excellent piece ...... Fell in love with it at the very first look.under 6.5k,I bet is the best mobile among all brands.No lag at all but it hung up while playing online games such as Age of Warring Empire (may be bcoz of class 4 memory card and game is moved to card in order to save my phone memory).camera is OK,you can use HD camera app for better quality pics.Need to have good lighting for good quality pics.volume is a little low.Notification indicating led light is a pretty good feature.All other apps are working well.Battery is good for average use ( I don't do much calling but I play so many games.)WiFi is good.Earphones as usual not good.I bought this one only bcoz of guaranteed updates from google . Overall a very good phone under 6k.
its worth buying in very less price.amazing speed and performance.amazing graphics as well.
This is my review after handling Micromax canvas a1 (android one).....superb processor, excellent cam with auto focus, fast n furious ram, I can't express myself more than this....frnds please don't read any negative reviews...purchase it and experience it......
In one word... AW-SUM..!! In this price range so many android phones are available. But this one, undoubtedly a winner among them.. I am unhappy with the packaging. But the phone is great. So 5 stars.. Go for it.. You will not be disappointed.. :)
Android One ! Short & Sweet Simple Review - This Year Google Launched Three Android One Smartphones ! From Spice , Karbonn & Micromax. Mircomax Indeed is Indian Brand But the service they provide sucks ... The phone is brilliant , no doubt ! Pros & Cons - Pros - Android one , That is why it will get latest Android OS updates. 35 GB free Google drive storage Quad-core 1.3 GHz Cortex- A7 processor - With - 1GB RAM ^Performs absolutely stunning Features - Specifications At this Price Range - ^Affordable SD Card Expansion Cons - Poor battery life. Average Camera Micromax Service Quality is terribly poor - * I experienced No Screen Protection
An above average phone for the price! I've used it for over a week now. The phone looks super-cool. The sleek design and the smooth-velvety touch of the back is awesome. The battery lasts for an average of 1 to 1.5 days with normal use. Few of the games I tried worked well. The supplied SD card is of class 6, but I suggest others get a class 10 memory card - since the phone heavily depends on the external memory card. Camera is above average, but not extra ordinary. It has a notification LED. The screen is a smudge-factory. More than 4 times the other side has had difficulty in hearing me clearly during a phone call. The phone heats up very quickly. Playing a game or making a call for 10 mins heated up the phone.
Its a good mobile for under 6k, it has all the features one could ask for from a mobile. Battery life is decent. Bought it for my mom who uses it only for calls and wifi internet. Battery lasted two days more than I ever expected it to. Used the phone for 4 days and faced no problems till now. Built quality is good. The display is decent. I didn't get microSD card with the phone. The down side is the speaker is at the back and its not loud. So the phone has to be placed upside down on the table else the ring cannot be heard in the next room. Haven't tried the camera till now. The screen guard is lousy and smudges easily. So if you have a budget of under 6k and would like a decent Android phone, this would be a good choice.
Very Good VFM for the Price I wanted a basic phone with android experience. My usage is very light, few calls and occasional messages on fb, whatsapp etc. Also another primary requirement is good battery. and not having to charge multiple times a day, so here are few tips. 1) Disable Google Now 2) Disable location services, and also wifi scanning when wifi is off 3) Disable 3G/2G Data, i most often use wifi at home or office network 4) Disable unwanted apps Then, you should be easily be able to get more than a day. If you are looking for more from a phone, i suggest putting in some more money on other Android/Nokia/Windows/Iphone. Overall happy with phone at this price point, and worth the money.
Guys, out of 1 month usage, following are the problems which i have found over. 1) Speaker volume is low. (both during call and while hearing music). 2) Finding some tower problem at times. Please think before you buy...
A very good phone at this price range. It has Bluetooth LE and WiFi Direct support in built and works really well.Hope project voltas for Android L improves Battery life further in next update. Right now you just gives enough juice for around 12 - 14 hours.
Worth buying for this price range. . Specs are much better when compared with 10k Samsung mobiles. Bcoz I am using the two products and using micromax for more than three months. . I detected one star for not including head phone in my package. .
So So product. (1) You cannot have contacts on your desktop screen. Only 'people' option can be there without phone numbers as per Lucknow Micromax Service Center. (2) Renaming of clips cannot be done.(3) In the calender option, you have a choice of a range of time. You cannot set an event for a particular time so that the notification goes on at that time. Only alarm can go on at the time you want. Too cumbersome process of event setting of time for event. (4) Some basic things which Micromax should give in default all have to be downloaded.....eg- File Manager, Call Recordings do not go in file manager.(5) Picture/ photo/camera quality not very good. Some other 5 MP cameras give better results. (6) At peak, volume is still low.(7) Battery charging very slow (8) Battery does not sustain for one day even with not so much working even.
Ordered Canvas A1 on 17th Night received today(19th) Morning. Rapid delivery from Amazon. Impressive!! Phone is super smooth.Very fast, no lag while opening any app. Google map loads without any hassle plus it has voice assisted navigation, Google talk is pretty nice too. No issues with Wifi connectivity. Camera is fine. Speaker quality is good. Phone built is very nice.Best part of this phone is its performance, its very smooth and very fast it will even beat phones in the higher price range easily. and I think this is the most important aspect of this phone and we must go for it!!!
en bought this phone from amazon from cloud tail seller but not received memory card . Now coming to phone - Camera ausome with this price range both front and back cameras Touch response is also super My apps are in my SD card I want to install my apps but is no my files option in the so how can I install just I download file manager from Google play and installed that now opened file manager and installed my fine. But only the problem is its Bluetooth it has Bluetooth version 4 but my friends sending apps to me in Thiers phone it is showing sending failed . I had a doubt that my friend phone had problem but checked with other phones same thing repeated. And finally Amazon packing is super.
I like this phone very much. It look very fashionable in my hand. But what disappoints me is its battery backup. it only lasts 5 to 6 hrs on 2g with Wi-Fi on. Expandable memory is very essential because it gives only 2.25 gb. Great that i had 32 gb sd card. Even it is only 4.5 inch, it looks like a great big screen phone in my hand Who told it's screen resolution is not good. It's resolution 480*840 is the best resolution for every phone under 7K. It's google now launcer is very cool. You can really await for update to android L. Yes it lacks gorilla glass, but it has a strong glass that can withstand slips from half-a-metre heigths. I am surely wainting for android L update. All at the end, i like this smart phone very much.
Awesome Cell.... But there are some demerits also like it does not have-- File manager Contacts and most importantly it does not support apk files via Bluetooth but nothing to worry all about after all u can download File manager, Contact and in case of Bluetooth in order to send apk files... All you have to do is go to file manger and rename apk to jpg after to sending it again u have to do is that again rename it to apk .... Finally I can conclude that it has some demerits... BT those demerits can b deleted by downloading some apps like file manager contacts.... I m enjoying it so buy it u won't be disappointed believe me... Its camera quality is not at all bad... Flash is also powerful...
The primary camera for Micromax Canvas A1 is pathetic, micromax claims that it is 5 MP but it 2 MP compare to Samsung mobiles. Also battery doesnot give much backup as claimed by micromax. Overall I will suggest to buy RedMi or Moto E in the same range.
If u are a businessman and thinking of a handy second mobile then you can definitely go for it. Because the price they are offering is definitely worth it. But still if u are not looking for a latest android and very high pixel cam u can still go with xperia E which is also in the same price range but caries a huge brand name. Pros: 1.Specs for the price 2.Android Lollipop or Android L.(If u are already using kitkat then L wont be a huge diference). 3.With 1.3Ghz Quad core it is bit faster than the phones available in this range. Cons: 1.Display is not so brilliant. 2.Battery is not that strong cos gionee is offering much more than this. 3.Cam clarity wont fetch a 5 star.
Perfect phone for the price point. It is theideal phone for people who have their usage limited to mail checks, social networking sites and some casual gaming. Phone is light weight, battery lasts upto 10-11 hrs after moderate to heavy usage. Screen suits the display well but shows occasional pixelations on close inspection. But its not a deal breaker at all. we ge aroung 2.5 gb of space for usage and it supports memory card of upto 32 GB. Space for apps may sometimes may fall short but you can move most of the third party apps to memory card to free up the space.This is yet to receive the Lolipop love from google but at least it will get at least 1 more guarnteed upgrade for the next version of andoid from google.
Heats up considerably...using it since 2 weeks...lagfree, all features awesome, lost my MOTO X and after dat iv bought this...most features required are present. But as with all Micromax phones it heats up Very fast. Display very nice audio very nice Camera at this price is very very gd. Battery for this screen size and for 3G is very less...drains out in regular mixed usage in 14-15 hrs max. BUT BUT BUT BUT BUT Heats up very fast...one video call on hangouts n ur hand will feel the heat in 4-5 min... Heating up is the only disappointing issue.even on continuous use of 5-7 min...it heats up. Plea to MICROMAX...take 1000rs more on each phone...ur phone quality has improved drastically...but please consider this heating up issue.
The cell which I have purchased is very low in quality. I noticed today the border which is of plastic surrounding the glass is coming out( peeling). Phone is also hanging in between . hardly any applications or snaps taken inspiye of it its hanging .
Micromax Android One : The set is OK; but the signal strength is very poor. The signal strength shown on the top right corner of the mobile phone screen is one or two vertical bar/s. Data on 3g is fairly fast but speech received over 2G is very low.
The battery is also good. Last month suddenly it got disconnected from the ... Amazon was prompt to deliver the phone in Oct-2014. Pros: 1. Camera: good 2. Battery: average ( lasts 1 day) Cons: What to expect more from such a budget phone ? Last month suddenly it got disconnected from the cellular network. The MIcromax Service Centre guys said that it is a IMEI number related issue and that they replaced the phone's motherboard. Even then the network related issue was not solved and till date the phone is at the Service Centre for further repairs. Problems have started surfacing before 6 months of purchase are over. Dont know whether this phone will ever work.
Phone is okay . But am not satisfied with service offered by Amazon . They were offering some gifts with this product .When i purchased on Oct 6th offers were 2000 rupees gift voucher , cash back for sbi cards , Airtel 6 month offer and Free memory card . Other than memory card nothing else reached me till now . Cash back they said its credited by dec 15th so thats ok . I have contacted so many times with Amzon customer care , initially they said it will reach by Oct 15th ,after 15th they said it will be available with in 2-4 business days, Then again when i contacted after these offered days they confirmed it will reach before Nov 1st . Now its 30th October still i did not get any confirmation /status about these
Battery dropping suddenly from 70% to 0%. After long struggle replacement of mother board fixed the issue. After dealt with Micromax support, I decided not to buy micromax in my life. Micromax support is worst and support people behavior was so bad.
Great budget phone.. U can compare this mobile with Samsung 12000 mobile phone. Nice display.. Camera not good. Ok ok Sound quality nice. Nice 3G speed.. And last will get 2 years update.. Thanks amazon thanks google..
Excellent mobile in low budget. Smooth touch, battery life for one day if we use it more. Otherwise battery life will come even for 3-4 days. led flash for notification is nice. You can buy this mobile. Nice one from micromax. Camera is nice.
Bought this mobile 6 months ago. Amazon delivered it on time as specified at the time of placing the order. I got it for 5.4k Its overall features are good. The main drawback is battery which is only 1700mAh, but last month it got updated to lolipop 5.1 and it has increased battery performance alot. Compared to other mobile phones of this price range it is better if you need good camera. Its body is slim so it easily fits in your hand and its weight is also very less compared to other smartphones of this range. I have been using it for last 6 months and I have not faced even a single problem, and after upgrading to lolipop, I feel like i have made the right choice buying this phone
Well,I ordered the phone on 28th Sept but received it on 5th Oct.Packaging and all was good.Thumbs up to Amazon. Coming to the phone,it is without a doubt the best built from Micromax and it does not feel cheap,though it is a little prone to smudges.Anyways, screenguard is free with the mobile.The only aspect of the phone I was not happy with was the camera but it comes with a range of editing feature which impressed me a lot.Camera=4/5.Also I would like to mention that battery life was not what I expected, I mean it would hardly give you a day of usage even under mixed to high usage.Otherwise the phone comes with all the basic features which one would demand at this price range.A must buy according to me.
Google started rolling out lollipop for all android one devices in India but this is phase wise it is coming.. Any one got lollipop update notice and updated it.. Please let me know which version it is updated to... Give me feedback please..
Good phone with excellent accessories. I got 8 GB Class 6 Strontium memory card and screen guard at no extra cost as a part of this order. Amazon is giving 10% cashback upto 23-Sep-2014 and also shopping coupons. So this purchase is like 4-in-1 purchase- memory card, screen guard,10% cashback and shopping coupons. I got it within 2 days of making the online payment. Excellent work by Amazon and Cloudtail. I suggest if you want Android One phone, please purchase this Micromax Canvas A1 from Amazon. Don't choose Spice Uno from Flipkart or even Karbonn from snapdeal. Micromax is best Indian OEM and they have strengthened their position in this low end segment.
The phone is basicly good ....lots of pros Stylish Awesome processor In built graphics Memory Touch response Resolution Camera is average the 5mp camera captures only in 5:3 ratio(amazon hasn't mentioned this anyware)to get 16:9 or 4:3 it should be lowered to 3.2mp Camera ui is confusing...hard to control but has some good features like photo sphere etc.... Gaming is okay...played amazing spiderman 2 and asphalt 7 both works fine .multitasking also works...but the phone gets hot I mean hot not when playing games while using WiFi or Bluetooth.some tweaks here and there are needed but overall phone is good . ps Dont buy this phone for gaming . Needs update!
I have been using Canvas A1 from past 2 months. Very much happy with the product. Following are my observations Pros: 1. Looks good, feels good (Not a typical micromax mobile) 2. Battery lasts for a day. (wifi, voice call, gaming etc) 3. Applications run a lot faster. (Best in this price range) 4. Rear camera, speaker quality is decent enough. 5. Haven't faced any issue while playing games ( basic games, never tried asphalt 8) 6. HD videos run smooth. Cons: 1. Images taken from front camera are grainy. 2. Rear Camera design is good but prone to scratches. Protective cover a must 3. Headset provided with the box does not last long.
Specs Pros & Cons see it in other review.. Its my personal review after 30 days of usage.. First Thanks to Amazon to deliver with in 3 days. But Package is not good. it may hurt mobile box or even mobile. Second Thanks to Micromax to giving this phone at this price tag.. Battery is average 18-20 hrs. Performance is awesome.. after all major app installed around 400MB RAM is free can play GTA San, Aspalt 8 smoothly in high graphics mode. Multitasking is good. camera is above average. Brightness in good. dark(inside) to bright(outside) while karbonn and spice is giving same mobile at better price micromax got brand name so its cost more.
The phone is very nice. The performance is also good. Finally I got the update for lolipop by the end of march.
I am facing the problem while downloading the Apps from Google Play. Error 489. As i have seen most of the persons are facing the same problem but till now no solution exist from the side of Micromax or Google. I am not satisfied with the product
AWESOME PHONE , MY GOODNESS, I AM A MOTO G 2ND GEN. USER. AND THIS PHONE MICROMAX CANVAS A1 IS NOT BETTER THAN MOTO G2 BUT NOT FAR BEHIND MOTO G2 ALSO. DOES WORK LIKE MY MOTO G2. VOICE OPERATING PHONE. INSTALL A ONE MIC + APP FROM GOOGLE PLAY STORE & UR VOICE CALLING IS READY TO USE. IT IS ABLE TO PLAY HD VIDEOS. WHICH WHEN I TRIED TO PLAY IN MY OLD SAMSUNG GALAXY POP. IT STOPPED WORKING. BUT MICROMAX CANVAS A1 RUNS THE SAME VIDEO SMOOTHLY LIKE A BUTTER. GOOD BATTERY BACKUP. DID VIDEO CALLING THROUGH SKYPE & HANGOUTS , WORKS LAG FREE. ONLY CANNOT PLAY WAV.FILES. THAT'S Y M GIVING A 4 RATING, ELSEWISE IT'S A MOTO G SASTE ME.
As its googles phone Ill expected more from this....and Ill get amazed, It really features like Nexus devices. As listed it has 2 years google software updates as well than dont this deep just buy it. U will really love this budget smartphone :)
the phone is good for this price range. I had few problems with it though. 1) the bluetooth does not work properly. Large files and not getting sent across. You cant even share small .apk files. I am not sure whether its a problem with Kitkat or with android A1 phones. 2) the phone does not come with a gallery or a music player or video player. the software provided for music and video does not play the media from the memory card but from internet instead. 3) file manager is missing. overall good phone. Apart from the bluetooth problem rest has been fixed easily by downloading apps. camera quality is better that most of the phones. The screen resolution is also decent.
First i thanks Amazon for their delivery.Even though Delivery is delayed by one day they coordinated with me and informed me the reason of delay and made sure to deliver by next day and refunded the extra amount for one day delivery. I had got the mobile after 2 days of my order and i had used it for 3 days. Monitored it carefully and finally i came to know that it is best than any other Android mobiles coming in this price mainly it is better than MOTO E.Battery backup is also good. Compatible for all the games without any lag.According to me it is the best phone i purchased up to know.i am fully satisfied with this mobile.finally it is the best mobile provided by our indian company Micromax.
after using this phone for more than a week,i bought it for my sister,so i will simplify the review. good things: 1.nice big & handy ,good plastic quality 2.as per specifications its good in performance ram consumption is less,leaves 50% free ram in normal usage thats amazing. 3.battery backup is good,no lags,no hangs,good graphics for games i tested 4.this is a real budget phone i recommend it to others 5.got free 8gb strontium class 6 memory card free worth 350. bad things: 1.camera quality is not so good compared to samsung and sony. of 5mp 2.display is not so satisfactory as other phone displays have good color enhancement even in low brightness .
Its a wonderful piece of gadget, for its given price. It connected with Wifi as smoothly as possible, and is able to run most applications that I have tried very well. Have not tried much games, but my kids seem happy with its performance for few games that they tried. While keeping a virtually absent layer on top of Android One, lot of basics that are normally assumed (like Profiles, ability to kill ALL non-essential apps, etc) are missing, and would have been nice to have features. That surely keeps a lot of memory free (roughly 450 to 525 MB out of 1GB), but implies that one needs to install apps to deploy some of the desired features. Quite an impressive mobile, I must say...
1. Contacts list not properly displayed. every time we need to go in detail to search for the contact. 2. Output image is not as per the viewpoint display. 3. Battery back up is normal only. 4. Recharge time for battery is more.
Pros 1.good performance while multi tasking. 2.easily plays all games and HD movies like 1gb size 3.nice look 4.camras good at this price Con's 1.battery remains only for a day 2.heat up on back but not hang
Internal storage is too less aprox. 2.1 gb usable.no screen protection are major drawback for moderate user battery is not a problem.for me it goes for 1 day in one charging. now if u are buying product for updates let me tell u that no one knows when it will be updated. And all android are nearly same not a big deal.lollipop will not make your camera 5mp to 8mp, neither lollipop is going to increase your storage or screen quality or glass protection. there are other smartphones in the market which offers good features. don't think for updates go for other phones having good hadwares SINCE THE PRICE HAS DROPPED TO 5500(for white model) IT IS A BEST DEAL.go for it.
wow... really loved this product. i'm just loving to use such a nice phone, even my friends who use samsung,nokia, htc etc like this. I'd not mind to call it as JUNIOR NEXUS even ;) :) advantages: 1) you cannot get such a nice phone for this range. 2)screen (4.5) it just too good..... 3) no doubt to say O.S (Android KITKAT 4.4.4) WOW.... 4) has got all the basic features ( flas,secondary cam ,etc) disadvatages : 1) gorilla glass should have been give ( as moto e ) is given for 500 rupees more 2)battery backup 3) we are no getting flip covers Finally i'd strongly prefer you guy's to buy this. just for it guys its awesome.....!!!!!!!!!
Please donot post review without using phone. I got this phone and i m really shocked when i m using this phone. Stock version 4.4.4 is running very very smothly on this phone than any other high end phone. Camera clearity is also good. Well optimised. No lack found. I m shocked even when i got this phone. I m no fan of micromax phone because all micromax has bad chinese quality. But this phone is truly indian. No looks like chinese quality. I m not telling its high end phone quality but quality is really good in this budget. Even screen quality is also good even there is FWVGA screen. Sound quality is also good. I used more than 350 mobiles and used mostly high end smartphones which are available in indian market. But this is truly good option for budget quality. If u have more budget than moto g is also good option.
Decide for yourself: A phone developed under Google's Android One program. So, quality wise its a notch or two above similarly priced micromax phones. It runs stock Android 4.4.4 devoid of bloatwares which eats into the internal memory. Here you get 2.27 GB usuable storage out of 4GB which is really good. Specs are pretty mainstream in d form of 1.3 GHZ quad core MediaTek processor n 1 GB RAM. Google's precise integration of d specs reflects at d user experience which is super fast n apt. The screen resolution, camera quality n battery backup leaves a lot to b desired though. But again, the de facto aspect of buying decision 'Performance to Price ratio' is unmatched.
This is my first smart phone and I'm extremely happy with it. Camera is really good [both rear and front] at this price range. I won't complain about screen resolution bcoz that was also very predictable. But little bit upset with battery.
Bought this for my Mom (First time smartphone user). I am on iOS, however after having used this for a week - Stock Android finally seems to have arrived :-) Now I am seriously considering, taking the leap !!! Here's why - The google experience shines through brilliantly. Very impressed with it's performance and clutter-less pure android interface. The form factor and finish are perfect for a phone this size. I think, Google got it right with a 4.5" screen size. Just right, for single handed use. The camera could be better, but at this price point, can't complain, what with rest of the crap that exists out there. This definitely scores way beyond expectations. A+++
Perfect phone under 7k. Due to stock android the phone feels so fluent throughout its interface. I have never experienced a lag as of yet. Downloaded and played heavy graphic intensive games like dead trigger 2, asphalt overdrive, they worked real smooth. With 1GB Ram and googles's hardware configurations, it is a beast when it comes to performance. Camera is Good, takes good quality pictures both inside and outside. Video output is HD. Flash is powerful. Although it can easily last you a day, still the battery backup could have been a little better with a slightly bigger battery. All in all, a complete performer under 7k. Completely satisfies its tagline "Canvas A1" can Refresh.
Amazing device.....Best Value for Money 3G data connection & Apps download is super fast !!! What makes it more great is as below, Low Cost but surprisingly top notch features Apps & Data connectivity is faster (thanks to 1 GB RAM & Quad Core processor) Sleek & relatively Slim, very handy & comfortable Android One from Google with guarnteed update for couple of years In-built apps (Amazon.com) Google's vision of top most android phone @ affordable rate to every Indian is possible through Amazon... You guys are great...Opted for express delivery & delivered promptly on time yet again !!!! Go for it, no second thought !!!!
In my view, the best from amazon for this price. The touch screen is very precise as compared to other micromax models. 16M TFT display gives best colour reproduction . Camera quality is good. But the volume is not enough as compared to other models. I bought it for Rs 6499/- , now available for just 5499/- . Go for it if you need value for money. Now new models like Yureka Yu is available, which have an incredible list of specifications. But in my experience A1 is one of the best phones available. The only problem I faced was the absence of in built gallery, music player , file manager and video player. But one thing I am sure is that it will be beyond your expectations, I guarantee it.
Cons as I faced: 1> For the first week after buying, I could not install apps using my home wi-fi. Getting error 489. I had to use my mobile data plan. Googled a lot and tried all the possible resolutions but no luck. Surprisingly, the problem automatically disappeared after a week of usage !! 2> Front speaker(headset) is having an odd design(round shaped instead of being rectangular as I see in other phones). The disadvantage is that- you have to pin point it to ur ear-hole while talking else u ll nt get the sound. 3> Headphone in the box is of too cheap quality. But again, comparing the features it provides in such a low budget, it's worth buying.
Loved this phone... Actually i bought 2 mobile. 1st this mobile and another is Redme 1S. But after using these 2 i simply say MIcromax A1 is far better than Redme 1s.. While 1S continuously hanging, A1 is performing really smooth...
This is the best phone in that given price range. The main advantage is that the android OS gets updates as and when new versions are released. Camera (auto focus with flash) is of good quality compared to any other phones in that same price range. Display resolution is decent. The only drawback of this phone is the battery capacity. It only comes with 1700mah which is not at all good for smart phones. It requires everyday charging. The battery lasts less than a day when used internet and GPS. Sometimes i have found it that there is delay in connecting to wifi network. On some occasions it shows "insufficient memory" but that depends on no of apps you install or use
phone is very good. But when I was buying it, it was mentioned on the web site that I will get a 8GB memory card free. But when the package arrived I didn't get any thing. There was nothing except screen guard inside the box.
Awesome smartphone.... Using since a week No lag, camera good (better than what's expected in this range), battery performance could be better but overall you won't feel like u have a 6000 bucks phone Just go for it
I bet you Moto E is way far better than this crap.., Though on papers specs look high,,, but when it comes to screen and butter smooth gorilla glass, you will never get it even with a screen guard of 1000/- rs. The distance between the actual screen and the glass we touch is more, so you will fell like touching a far away object.., Moto E is selling at same price and will even get Android Lollipop update as Motorola has said. So better go for Moto E than this.., of course a1 might be having front camera, quad core blah blah.., but think is it gonna matter anyway??? Hold Moto E and A1 in both hands with screens turned on, if you still go for A1, that means your eyes need a checkup!
Very good smart phone, working very fine but have some slight issue when connected to pc and unchecked the MTP option, next time my device was not recognizable . I had to reset to the factory settings, have someone faced this problem.
Had been over a month since I purchased. Been an awsum experience working over it. Awsum front cam, sometimes even better than the rear camera. Stock androids give u a pure android experience. U will just fall in love with it. The style, the sleekness, the design so well cooked, u will spend ur half day first glaring it . audio quality nice. Processor just gajabbbb. No lag even once t since purchased. Just go and grab it. U will never regret. I HV never got the need to confront the after sales service so can't comment over it. Some times few minor glitches arises when u need to switch off the phone but JUST sometimes.But ya , micromax and Google r gonna rock together. 4.5/5
I expected the set to be CDMA compatible as specified in the features segment but as it turned out that WCDMA is not CDMA compatible. so even if the set is user friendly its not what i was looking for.Therefore somewhat disappointed.
I purchased this on 25/9/2014. It worked without any problems for 2 months. Its power on button started giving problem. It was taken to Sara sales and service,Chinchwad, Pune micromax service centre on 29/12/2014. Although it was under warranty they charged Rs 250 and repaired it. But within one hour again it started malfunctioning. When taken back to service centre, they lodged complaint to headoffice and requested for new power on unit and asked to comeback after one week. When contacted on 21/1/2015 they said , the mobile to be sent for repair to head office and it will take 30 days. SO TILL NOW I HAVE NOT RECD THE HANDSET BACK. I FEEL Rs 6499 + 250 + LOGISTICS IS A WASTE.
Good, responsive, multi-tasking phone. Camera performs fairly for the money. Battery back up is good. It lasts for almost 1.5+ days with 24/7 3g/wifi with normal usage. Only issue I noticed (may be bug in stock android kit-kat not sure) is that the wifi to 3g switching does not happen as expected at times. Build quality on face looks good. Doesn't slip as it has mat finish on back cover. One immediate costing thing to notice is that all buttons(3 of them) are attached to back cover and not to the main board. It makes it appear a bit disappointing when you open the back cover. Delivery took longer that I expected for a destination like Mumbai
It is good to see that amazon.in delivering this phone at silchar airport Assam.phone packing is very good. I am having Sony xperia SP and using it pas 10 months. On many occasions Canvas A1 beats SP. Build quality is very good. Little slipary while holding. Sound quality is also verynice. I am using it past 5 days, I found no problem in any department. Touch quality also nowhere less than my SP. I got it with cash back offer on SBI card 6499 - 10%cash back =5850/- and I also got lucky to get 1000 gift card from amazon.in. now u can imagine the cost of phone. It was great deal. I chose micromax a1 from all three android one because of they are the no 1 Indian brand.
The phone is nice. But I am not able to open the memory card in the mobile there is no option to open memory card in my mobile I don't no that this problem is only with my phone or all are having the same problem please help me ..
Its for my Brother, and he said he was happy with the phone. But would like to have an extra button to close every application like most of the Samsung mobiles have. Other than that worth the price paid for. Came with a free screen guard, and also a memory card, which adds to it. No issues with the item I received. Nice camera quality, and good Flash light too. latest OS in this price range, and with all required applications. Comes with only 2.1 GB internal memory which could be less for few of us. I recommend this as a good gift to your beloved ones.
It is really a good phone in its range. In the box: Phone, Charger, Earphones(Awesome quality and you won't get this for Redmi 1S), Screen guard (An Offer by AMAZON), 8 gb micro SD card (again an offer by AMAZON) Pros: Super fast performance Guaranteed updates as Google recommends it good audio quality, Doesn't get heated up (I have played FIFA 15 UT for 3 hours continuously on net, still the phone was super cool), Battery lasts for upto 30 hours on net/Wifi. Cons: Camera can be much better (but with such good performance for only 6.5k, you'll have to compromise on one thing atleast) I recommend to go for this.
This phone physically looks professional but gets stuck most of the times especially when we burden the processor by playing games or accessing the apps fastly. I found some problems with camera too as it display message "cannot load camera please try later"...This message is really annoying me and wipes out after restart. Sometimes you cant search the contact name as it nothing is written over search pad even after you click on relevant alphabet. I hope the new buyer should wait for some more time so that all the basic version errors are resolved by Andriod in its next version. Look and feel is really awesome !! Happy shopping.
its a super duper cell phone. i wasnt expect this type of phone on this price any time. really very good cell phone & it do not hang during use like other androids like samsung sony etc..!! i'm really very surprised about this.
Excellent product!! If I say that this is the best phone it its price range, don't think that it is not that good overall. It is a VERY good device: well-built and thought-out, and has really good performance too. Very responsive to touch, quick open and close of apps, videos and music play very well using the built-in player, and more. Quickoffice works very clean and smooth: you don't need another text editor. I bought it two days back and I'm totally digging it. No flaws discovered yet in normal usage. Battery backup is also fair; not 'very low' as many reviews may lead you to believe. It met all my expectations perfectly. I'd recommend it for sure.
I used this mobile 15 day my experience was good first we known about pros & cons Pros:- mobile was supported 1080p video 2.)Android 4.4.4 and update 2 year available 3.)this mobile fit your hand 4.5 inch ips display with 218ppi which gives good viewing angle 3.)its back body ruberissed its cool for me 4.)its support all language like unite 2 5.)its front facing camera great 6.)micromax was given best free installed app like amazon,hike,hangout, askme and much more 7.)1gm ram and 1.3 quad core processor which give great performance without any lag Cons:-1.)rear camera was poor 2.)sound quality was cheap 3.)battery life was given maximum 6 hour
I am using the product for the past two days and see no lag issue,no heating problems.the battery lasts for more than a day and camera is also decent.I would suggest to buy this instead of redmi 1s/moto E.Value for your money
A nice cheap device to gift to a casual phone user or non-nerd for whom specifications doesn't matter much. The design of the phone is similar to Nexus 5 and is 5 times cheaper than it. It has a matte finish, soft touch removable rear back which looks classy. Hardly any bloatware is there in this average 4GB ROM device (2.2 GB user available) with Expandable storage, of course. The phone is compact too for one handed usage. (Even though the bezels could have been made even smaller like Moto X or LG G3) For those who like ease of use, prefer Stock Android and have a budget to consider, Canvas A1 is the best device for you. So Get ONE if you need it ;)
I purchased this Item from Amazon 15 days before. I am really amazed after 15 days of usage. This phone has all the merits as any high end phone can have - Touch is very smooth and silky - No Lags at all - Camera quality is not very good but ok - Battery backup is surprisingly good - Multiples apps are easily supported - Its more of a google product than micromax - All anroid upgrades available till next 2 years - Sound quality is good - You can not expect any phone better than this in this range (Many can say redme but i disagree) - Just go for it, its worth each and every penny you are going to invest.
Speaker not working , very bad hard ware, Google have to tie-up with good companies to make his android one . micromax will destroy reputation of google. I buy this phone only for android one trusting on Google bad decision
Such a great phone with such and amazing price is a steal. I bought it in November 2014. I have received the Lollipop update 5.2 as promised by Google for Android One phones. The phones performance is good as one would expect from its technical specifications. In the last 6 months of usage it hasnt given a single problem. The google camera that you get with the stock android is a total fail, its one of the most under developed applications by google. The image quality 5 MP camera is not as good as an image taken by Samsung S duos 5 MP camera. This is a great phone for first time smart phone users and it can encourage people to buy android phones
I bought Micromax Canvas A1 a couple of weeks back. The shipment from amazon was quick. The phone is a good deal at this price. The net connectivity is pretty fast in this phone and the touch is smooth. However, I found the download time of any application is longer. It could be for the internet connection. Battery life is also reasonably good, though I have not used this phone for extensive gaming so far, but I did quite a bit of internet browsing, and found the battery doing pretty well. This phone will be a good buy for people who wish to buy their first android. Features are comprehensive. regards, Sumit
the phone is amazing actually it is one of the most smoothly running phone in this price segment. the customer service of miccromax is terrible or rather worst. gave my phone to service centre on 28/10/14 due to display going blank for some unknown reason and even after more than a month and a half now not got my phone back. even the helpline number couldn't provide any details saying they have got no information as to status of the phone. so to all those looking to buy this buy do consider the after sales service of micromax also before buying.
The user reviews and andriod one OS prompted me to buy this phone. Also i got a deal of free memory card from Amazon. The phone showed good performance and for 6500Rs,it was a great deal. However, after 2 months, OS crashed, phone will not boot afterwards and needed to handover to Micromax service. Now waiting for 45 days service period. According to the service center, my phone will be sent to factory to fix OS issue and if they couldn't, i will get a replacement. They even told similar cases reported for new android one models. So my verdict is even though its a good product from micromax, they still have the reliability issues.
Poor camera quality but front camera is decent enough.The battery backup is decent it lasts from morning to evening if used normally.Screen seems to be non-scratch resistant.So it is always advisable to use the phone with a screen guard (You will get one for free in the pack). The android experience is awesome and mobile does not lag at all (Not a fan of high config games so don't how well it works under those conditions).The matte finish behind provides good grip and is very convenient to hold in hands.The mobile looks similar to nexus 5.Overall you cant ask more for a mobile at this pricing.After using it for 3 weeks.....Love the experience!!!
It is a great product made by micromax .looks nice with the back side with Microsoft logo, android one and the rear camera metal finish at the back side of the phone. Performance is even comparable to 10000 budget phones coming to the market. In photography the sphere mode and panorama mode are just awesum. Over all everything is satesifactory at this price range. But the metal used in this phone arrouns the camera and flash light is disappointing . that metal color was silver like a 1₹coin but after some days some spots of color black were created like rust on the iron metal. But it doesn't effect your phone or camera performance.
Canvas A1 is the first AndroidOne handset from Micromax. Currently you only have 3 AndroidOne devices to consider - Canvas A1,Spice One Dream UNO Mi-498 and Karbonn Sparkle. All these have almost the same specs. Key Features 1) In my opinion the best feature of this phone is the 2 year free software support from Google. Yes Google will be handling all the software related issues and updates which means this is going to get visually awesome Android L update in coming months. 2) Runs Stock Android Kitkat. Smooth and Fast 3) Mtk6582 Quadcore processor - This is a proven chipset and performs well. You can even play many of the HD games in low or medium graphics levels. Same processor can be seen in many other Micromax devices like Canvas Unite 2,Canvas Fire A104 etc 4) 1GB Ram 5) Google recommended On the screen navigation buttons like the ones you see on Nexus devices. Main Disadvantages 1) 1700mAh Battery won't last a full day of moderate use with Wifi/3g on. When Android L surfaces,Battery will last longer thanks to optimizations made by Google. 2) FWVGA display is OK. Since this only has a small battery, it was wise of them to not pack an HD display. 3) Camera is probably the same as the one on Micromax's Unite 2 - nothing to get excited about. 5MP AF camera in the rear and a 2MP Fixed Focus camera on the front. Free Strontium 8GB MicroSDHC Memory Card for a limited time only.For Airtel users, you can get free software upgrades and app downloads for 6 months. Verdict If i am going to buy this phone, it would be solely because of the 2 year Android updates from Google. This is the Nexus device for the people on a budget. Battery backup can be an issue for many. But for the price these devices ship with,you can't ask for an HD display and 2500mAh battery. Note : Official Android Blog says "New AndroidOne Partners - Acer, Alcatel Onetouch, ASUS, HTC, Intex, Lava, Lenovo, Panasonic, Xolo, and chipmaker Qualcomm " which means more and better Android One devices are gonna surface soon.
Amazing budget phone which serves all your needs. For a better music and movie experience you may have to buy a better headset. Camera is also decent and phone provides smooth overall performance without ever hanging up
still lower brand is lower always... no 3G calling basic feature in the phone... why to buy... 1. Good android experiance 2. low budget 3. gaming expeiance is very good... no frames skipping... 4. want a new android phone... 5. pixel density is good... why not to buy... 1. camera is very dissapoints you... if you are samsung or nokia buyer you dont like this... 2. backcover is as cheap as micromax brand... ( please... i suggest only buy a top branded smartphone... cheaper gone always cheaper..) 3. no video calls on 3G ( which is one of basic feature of smartphone )
Its a good a fone, with nice picture quality. Chrome works very slow, watching youtube videos is difficult as the fone goes in buffering mode after a few seconds of playing videos. Otherwise its a value for money fone.
A SuperPhone From Google , Great Build Quality , Poweeful Hardware, Awesome Softwares With Guranteed Updates For 2years and With Just Unbelivable Price Point & Amazing Offers , It Is Really Worthtaking.10/10 Full Marks
I bought this phone somedays ago and Amazon delivered the product with in 2 days although i didnt opt for 2nd day delivery. So amazon has gave me that wow moment. In terms of phone, this is best budget phone with latest android and i learnt that android kitkat update will come soon for this phone which is quite exiting. The phone doesnt hang like other phones. The touch, camera are really good. I have downloaded loads of apps and movies in it yet the phone responds fast. Doenst have heating issue like Xiomi redmi so this makes a better budget phone. Amazon sent me 200 worth coupons which was useless as it was split in to multiple products.
This is a very great smart android mobile phone forever .No lack, no hang,no disturbance..Its very fast and smooth in use.Apps usable memory is enough to use.Internet is very fast..With 3G or WiFi its super fast.touch is like feather...ossom android smart phone.I'm very happy with this phone.In this budget, it is very ossom android smart phone. Many high profile game just run in this set like asphalt8, vice city GTA, and many more..Go with Micromax canvas android one .It is like a super phone. After using 1month ,I have posted this review honestly.
I ordered this phone for a friend of mine in last September. The phone was delivered within a week by Amazon. The packaging was pretty neat. Being a stock Android phone it's harder to operate at the beginning, but, after some days, we'll get used to it. This phone is simply value for money. For around 6400/- this is a must buy. It has a quad core processor, 5mp primary camera, a 2mp front camera, etc. The performance of the phone is awesome. Almost,all the games work brilliantly. Both cameras can click decent pictures with proper lighting. Low light imaging is a problem. At this price, the phone is simply unavoidable.
Worth for spended money.All most features including. But battery consumption is very high.cameras are not too bad.picture quality is very good.Browsing speed is excellent.not much buffering.speaker voice are normal quality.system speed is excellent.Updates for Android 5.1 getting ready after the initiating the internet connection.But not phone is not too slim.Anyway user-friendly applications are coming with phone.The packet coming with handset,Battery,Head phones,Protection Glass,Charger unit,Data cable,Operations Manual etc.Overall the Micromax Canvas A1 is a good phone with this range of money& built in facilities.
The mobile itself is good. Decent specs, fast processor, fast updates but one problem which many users are going to get is that you wont be able to download apps above 4 mb using wifi. I contacted Amazon about this problem of mine and was asked to go to the service centre. Went to 2 of the Micromax service centre and upon reaching there found that those service centres had been shut down. So ended up returning this great product. So you can go ahead and buy this phone at your own risk but don't expect good after sales services from micromax
I gifted this to my dad, he is new to android phone so I wanted a basic android to get him started and canvas A1 has proved to be perfect choice. Pros - stylish look, camera (with panoramic view - so my dad can now boast this in front of his friends! :P), speed, bigger screen, and the biggest thing it got is the price and updates Cons - not very good display, can be sometimes tricky for even an experienced users because if you buy phones like samsung, etc. they come with lot of utilities in built but here there are none, so you will have to configure some things on your own. I mean it did not have even have folder explorer.
This is a great phone. Performance is as smooth as silk. Screen and resolution is good for this price range. Camera is decent. The only low point is the battery. Not impressed by it. Otherwise this phone is a steal.
A phone at ₹6500/-. Keeping this fact in mind I will give my review. Touch- fantastic. Gives you a feel of some High profile phone. 9/10 Battery-1700. Works fine with such a big phone. Browsing 3-4 hts. Calling - 5-6hrs. Idle- 2 days. 8.5/10 Speed- very good in gaming and multi tasking. 8.5/10 Screen- good viewing angles. No complains.10/10 Processor- only negative is that it heats up sometimes, 5/10 Camera can take HD photos and videos. But @ 5 Mp is a bitloww needs improvement on this front. Price- 10/10 could have given more.. OverOver all its product below 10k price in market
It is a Okay phone, The phone costs just 6500 but yeah, the phone is something. Everyone has given the pros so I ill get to Cons 1. The internal hardware assembly seems sub standard 2. The camera is okay. 5 MP does not give a clear shot as we do seen in adds 3. The battery does not last very much. 4. The chrome app crashes down alot. 5. The proximity sensor does not work sometimes I am satisfied, overall it works fine most of the time, but i suggest if money is not an issue, go for moto G 2nd gen , it is owned by google so it will also get all the android updates. The rest specs are as good
Bang For This Price Pros - Great Phone in this price range, great specs, Stock Android is too smooth. No Lag any where Also Great battery backup. 4 Hours screen on time. Main Point - It's Gets latest updates as fast as nexus phones. for 2 years Cons - I have found only 1 cons the 3g network is too weak. my earlier phone gets full network of 3g. (also my other phone getting full network of 3g in same place) but A1 is only getting 25 - 30 % range. and my battery drops frequently. but when i move to 2g network it work fine. no problem Micromax \ Google \ Android Please fix the 3g network issue.
I am giving this review after 2 weeks of usage.The phone is very good you will found this type of phone in this price range very rarely.The back camera quality is OK but front camera is a quite disappointing. The sound quality is very good you will hear clear and loud sound.Due to its processor and ram you are able to play high graphics games.Its display quality is also good. But has no gallary and file manager as gallary google have installed google photos. Its camera is google camera.But I cut one star because its battery drains fast you can expect 3 to 4 hour backbup but if you are a heavy user it will give 2 hour of back up
Bought a Micromax with lot of apprehension but after using it for a couple of weeks now I can safely say that most of it was misplaced. The biggest & perhaps the only negative hardware wise would be the battery. But Android one is a big disappointment... maybe I feel so because have been using higher end Samsung phones with tweaked UI. Swipe to call, notification tiles, roll over to mute, non requirement of sim selection every time for each action and many more such conveniences are sorely missed. Having said that... must say... at this price point not a bad deal after all. Kudos to Micromax for pulling out a winner!!!
I liked it very much -------------------------------------- Can't connect Pen drive... Ear phones quality is very poor.. It would be better Micromax provide suitable flip cover along with it..
The performance is just awesome....better than those cheap Samsung smartphones that cost double the price(I am experienced) I would give 5/5 for performace and 0/5 for Google......its mid Jan and no lollipop update is available .....Google has cheated on us .... Micromax and Google have lost it.....but once again the phone quality is just fab....I did benchmarking on micromax canvas a1and moto g2 .....canvas a1 won....!!moto g score-18222 and canvas a1 score-18707....almost close but this phone is half the price ....! The only thing where Motorola excels is reliability and front camera ..., rest all....canvas a1 rocks ....
Phone is good for normal phone user but I m a fond of music person, so the main part that music enhancement with the phone was very low in quality even it doesn't have the ear buds or the cover over speakers. One Have to Buy A New good Earpiece Enhancement to enjoy gud music. Second thing It doesnt have a file manager that is another minus of it and whenever you want to move or copy or cut any item to another section it will get stopped (file manager). It takes time to get paired with other devices sometimes.Over all it meets the need of android lovers but again KITKAT is not that handy many to operate yet in little areas.
When i inserted the SIm with 3G , it is not supporting and showing no signs of BSNL sim. More over the the back ground colour prescribed for each sim , not seen functioning and always showing in white colour.
My first online purchase...Its my second smartphone and also second Micromax smart mobile. Now Bought for my mum. Good product and good initiative by google to help indian mobile makers. If the hardware also made in India it will be a complete fulfillment, But the cost may get higher as india has higher labour costs. Only defect found is that the LED NOTIFICATION works only for messages and mails. But NO LED NOTIFICATION for low battery charge or fully charged battery or even for missed calls. I feel that its 5 MP Camera is better than canvas 2's 8 MP camera. Overall good product...
Its a real value for money product. Processor is fast. Camera is ok. Battery lasts for a day considering normal use. Overall, its very good considering the price and specially considering 2 year free upgrades.
Actually its 3.5 Stars but it is not allowing so I gave 4 stars. well all is good with this budget phone. No problems with the performance and maintenance. Features:- Excellent features irrespective of price. Performance:- Absolutely Great at this price range. Interface is very smooth. Camera:- Average Camera at this price range. Battery:- Well here I am not satisfied but its not too bad also. normal usage last for a day. Standby is very good. Overall excellent budget smartphone at this price range. TIP:- If making choice b/w RED MI 1S, MOTO E and Android One then prefer Android One.
It is best mobile who what best hard ware performance. It user interface is very good but when playing it start's heating so much. Which drains battery so fast. But over performance is nice and camera is good
I have purchased this product two months back . I a hve not received the 10% cash back amount hdfc netbanking payment also the other off Rs. 500/- gift coupon till date . cut of date of both offer is over.
This is my 1st smart phone up to my expectations. phone performance(response) is good compared other phones with the same specs like honor holly,..etc. the only cons i can see is batter backup it would be good if it has 2000+ mah battery. but it quickly drain as my kids play games which obvious. one more problem i can see, you can use PC's internet using USB internet option like other micromax max phones. Its no detecting the memory card when i connect to PC. over all i am satisfied with the performance and hope i will find solution or fix the problems i have listed(USB internet and copy files from PC)
About the phone :(aftr using for 3 days) Pros: 1. Great display 2. Atleast 400mb of free ram 3. Plays 1080p videos with ease 4. No lags while playin games..(played subway surfers, gta 3) 5. Display is visible in direct sunlight Cons: 1.average battery life.(gave me 4hours on continuous gaming, 10hours on average use lik message, facebook, songs) 2.camera is worst in low light conditions 3.hav to download file manager, photo gallery. Delivery service (ATS): Ordered it on 2 days delivery. Got it on the 3rd day.. Packaging was good
The best smartphone ever I had used.... There is no lag in the device also the audio quality in earphone and phone's mic is really great. You don't have to worry anything on color reproduction of the display which is the best in this range budget smartphones. Also the camera quality of both front and back is awesome. You can directly upload the photos on social networking sites without any issue about color production in the photos clicked by any camera of this device. Also in terms of gaming there is no lag and no heading issue. The ui is just butter like smooth. Go ahead and buy this device without any worry.
Really like the phone.. Very convinient. I used to use samsung galaxy core and am now using micromax a1... I am extremely satisfied with its performance... The display is quite good and rich.. There is no lag. The OS is awsome and the user interface is quite good.. The touch is exquisite. The battery is ok. However it does need to be charged once a day on heavy to moderate usage. The camera quality is a little below par. All in all considering the price i feel this is the phone to buy.
The phone is not as per expectations. I ve been using Android phones earlier also but this seems to be bad experience. Every now and then phone android crashes. one by one all the functions of the phone (dialer, processor, you tube, map) start crashing,you cannot even report the error as it says phone memory is full....... i ve been using previous version only got these type of error once or twice but this phone is like more crashes than working. Net speed is good. Kitkat dialer is very bad, unconnected dialed numbers and missed calls do not show up in dialer, what the mess???? camera is ok.
let me make this clear, I am not a fan of micromax. I bought this phone because they said it was google certified . I am a fan of Motorola moto e and after using this phone I can say that this phone can clearly beat the hell out of it... the phone performs extremely well, found no issues in performance. Camera quality is average but would do lovely if the photo is taken right. battery life extended the whole day on medium usage. all in all it's the perfect package... do not judge by the manufacturer... it's google certified and phone is really good... at last latest updates... so win win
Best budget phone go for it!!! I ordered this phone on 24-9-14 and got it in days . this is my first android device i am extremely happy with it. I was quite confused with the devices like redmi 1s asus zenfone 4.5 moto e then this device came and i went for it . All i say i am very happy with my choice everything in this phone is great. Touch is very responsive and smooth i like the new kitkat. Everything is working fine but the one thing that really disappointed me is its battery backup it's raining very fast .its going 5 % from full charge in just 7 hours with moderate uses so will give 4 out of 5
Good phone for this price range, Amazon delivery is so good, Delivery person dint give a advance call on first attempt to deliver, anyhow delivered it next day on raising a complaint. Lovely CS support. Coming to phone excellent product with initiatives from Google. Bulid quality is impressive with rubberish back. Am a normal user and battery drains out by the time I reach back home in the evening without even using wireless. To summarise except battery part everything else about this phone is fantastic for this price levels. Simple have a slot for charger in your office bag always.
This phone is excellent : Pos: 1. Camera quality is too good with this price range. 2. Phone do not Lag or Hang 3. Battery backup is nice. 4. Music and Sound is effective.
1. Voice quality is not Good. 2. Many software not Supported. (say due to an err.(489) 3. Application working very fast. 4. System not hanging. Bole to !!! Very Good cell For me
This was my first purchase through Amazon and I am satisfied….. About the phone……….. Will say so far this is the best option in this price range.... Thought the battery is less than other micromax or other phones but still last for a whole day.. Display is ok but the Pure android feel is awesome.... RAM allocation is also proper but havent tried heavy games like asphalt. Have gifted this to phone to my dad and he have not faced any heating issue in a week time…. Though camera is very poor but u cannot expect much in this range In all I am happy with the product
This is one of the best mobile in this range with having Android latest version Kit Kat and it will also get upgraded to Android L. Both front and rear camera quality is good. Battery backup is not very good, but this is ok. I am using this device from last 2 weeks and haven't find any issue as such to highlight. There was an issue regarding the delivery of this product by Aramex. I have received the product after one week of estimated delivery. Aramex courier is very poor for their service. I have already contacted Amazon that not choose Aramex as courier partner. Thanks, Amar Kumar
I like this phone but there are some things missing in this phone, such as there is no Gallery to check the photos, we have to use the Google - Photos application to check it and it keeps on taking backup of photos to cloud using my GPRS data, so I had to download Gallery application from Play store, secondly there is no file manager installed on this phone, if you receive any file from blue tooth, you would find it nowhere, just keep searching, so i had to download File manager from Play store again, company promised that there are many pre installed applications, but in realty they are not useful.
This mobile is really worth it..its 1.3 GHz processor is really very cool I m using this mobile from 15 days still it didn't even hang a single time...one thing I should tell u that its display is very awesome :D so it was all advantages of dis fon only one thing that I will add as disadvantages is it's blutooth..its like a iPhone hahaha no one will detects ur device through Bluetooth if u bought dis mobile and ur Bluetooth works perfectly don't be happy I m preety sure u will face some problem :D all over if u r thinking to buy This phone buy it its worth it...this mobile is best in our price :D
ITs Google Mobile.... What a speed.... Totally Amazing.... I am not play games.... But my Micromax Canvas A1 - Android One Mobile memory fully filled with lot of apps. It's Chotta Nexus. (Nexus Mini)
Hai guys, its really very nice to use android one awesome features, very smooth touch everything is super... I loved it.. But I dint got any coupons from amazon , I don't know wen will they issue ...
Right now I tried cm11 cm12, and official lollypop , now tell me which device in market has this type of developer support? That's the beauty of android One :) 2be frank i'm thinking of buying windows mobile... i'm sick of this hack and re-hack S***, my previously used all mobile are around 1ghz and 512 mb ram, price tag around 14k-18(2012), then u need to root and search rom all over net like a finding a perfect gf, I know developer community is also working hard for this model, but for user like me it's more than enough...TOTALLY SATISFIED But there is catch my google only 1700 battery, maybe next year they launch android one+ something like that because human wants are unlimited... if i'm wrong just ignore it... nobody is perfect ps
Got lollipop 5.1 update very happy with the update one of best phone in its range Pro 1) good clean stock ui 2) newer hang 3) google to provide update hence no worry abt update for next 2years 4)nice grip to phone and solid build its not like ordinary micromax phone 5)can be install most of the latest game Con 1) average camera 2) average battery life of abt 12-14 hours with 3G data on 3) micromax has history of bad service centre I m writing this review after 3 months of usage But I feel mi redmi 2 is better option
great phone, its a perfect mix of hardware and software. No other phone at this price range will give u such a fluid/good performance, its as good as a nexus 5 when it comes to the speed of opening apps and using the phone. Do remember this phone was made under the supervision of google it self. Micromax might have made the phone but which components to be used and their quality was decided by google. In fact this is the first phone which google made using the apple way i.e. choosing the hardware that is best compatible with the software. And not to forget regular updates !!! the latest ..
overall good phone. pros - 1 good touch, 2 good camera, 3. good luks. cons - 1 gets heated up while talking, 2. speaker for call little low 3. battery works for around 11hrs with continue one.
I had purchased caanvasA1. I like it very much. It works fantastic.Qulity of screen is great. It really works faster.No hang durng call or using more application. I feel battery is also well. I notice one serious problem, there is NO OPTIONS in MESSAGES. We cant add contacts in text message. I had not yet found how to add templates during writing message. It is basic needs of mobile phone. One more thing we cant keep RINGTONE from sd card. You have to chose ringtone from provided ringtones. Apart from this this phone is perfect.Price of this phone is very chief as compare to function.
I can only post a proper review after 6 months because i wanted a phone that would last. It's been a month since i got micromax canvas A1 and it has worked perfectly till now. At this price, I'm disappointed with nothing. All the features are great and the quad core shows it's presence. I'm especially impressed by its integration with all Google features. Camera is great for normal use and video chat. i mainly use my phone for music, reading ebooks and texting. i don't play heavy games. So i don't know how it would handle heavy graphics. But for my purpose, it's served without any lag.
Good Budget Phone at 6k,With very good config .if you are hoping for a wonderful camera and a powerful battery don't go with this. Plus points Budjet phone at 6K,Fast processor,1 GB Ram,Front Camera,Led Flash,4 gb rom,8 gb extr Memory,Very good touch response,Average battery backup (Got 48 hrs with average Voice Calling ,got more than 24 Hrs on 3g Plus Voice calling),good display,Android updates for 2 years from Google.The Negative reviews appeared against this item has not feel to me. Negatives Average camera quality,Strength and display is not good as moto e.
Best cheap mobile, Even though has a mediatek processor, it has everything you need, Very very smooth on Kitkat and Lolipop and supports games like, Hayday, Clash of clans, Can 3, Asphalt and many more WITHOUT lag at all. The only possible con in the phone is that.. since it has 4 GB internal memory out of which we can use 2GB roundabout for applications, you may feel that is very less in some cases.. For which I had to unlock(root) the phone which you can very easily without a great hassle. Even supports Cyanogenmod 11 and the installation is hassle free...
Phone out look is good. But I facing some problem. Some important features are dissolves comparatively Andriod version, like as phone memory is not show, File manager is not inbuilt. Without memory card unable to take photo. App in photo memory card photos are not show. I can't able to upload my memory card storage photographs in Facebook, Whatsup. I am not able to save photographs, songs to internet. I am not able to set any songs in my caller ringtone etc. Customer care said it is the the features the of Andriod one. If any body solution this problem please help me. Thanking you
Camera crashes everytime when I select Panorama. Does any one have this problem. Also the photos application that comes by default does not the photos taken with the camera. It keeps on loading
This smartphone is fast, good UI, don't lag in short it is "Value for Money". The only issue i'm facing within a week use is that the second sim slot has some problem while receiving the signals. Irrespective of sim i insert in second slot does not get full signal. This might be a lower range phone (6k) but is not whatsoever less than smartohone ranging 10-12K. P.S - Micromax has started offering Yureka for 8,999 (Current Amazon price) i would recommend reader to go for that just adding 3K if you can't then this Micromax Canvas A1 is still the better choice !
Worst Phone Please Dont Buy :( I am writing this review after using the phone for 70 days . Initially the phone works fine but as days go on the phone will give problems one by one . 1. The battery is worst part of the phone, to my astonishment the battery drains out to 75% within 3 hours of 100% charging. (Please note I have not used the phone for any purpose in those 3 hours) 2. The phone doesnt catch the signals , suddenly the network strength becomes Nil . 3. The phone comes with cheap plastic finish and is prone to break easily .
Dual Sim management was very poor; file manager was difficult to find and operate. Ringtone was limited and options for adding audio files to ringtone was not available (or not at all user friendly). Deliting single files from audio library option was not available ( or difficult to find). User manual hard copy and Internet version did not contain help on the above. Memorycard holder was not locking properly. Unnecessarilyy large icons for called history numbers and deliting unwanted numbers individually was not possible. One has to delete all called history at one touch!
Good phone with pure android experience. Had Zenfone 5 previously and returned it because wi-fi and battery issues. This phone has no issues so far. Battery backup is enough for 1 full day of moderate use. no heating issues. High end games like real racing 3 works with no lags. Google maps loads very quickly and getting the gps lock with out any fuss. This phone is for the persons who want have pure andriod experience at an affordable price. I don't see any shortcomings in this phone at this price point.Just go for it if you want better performing phone at an affordable price.
i am using this phone for 2 and a half weeks i have installed over 25 apps and till now there is no lag or hanging of any sort. the camera is ok. it also has an excellent battery back up lasting upto 8 hrs when 3g/wifi is on the gaming in this phone is awesome it runs asphalt 8 smoothly even in high graphics mode the only con is it attracts a lot of fingerprints if u have a doubt about this phone and unite 2 go for this because : this phone has sure android l update and also because my uncle uses the unite 2 and it has severe heating issuses
Amazing build quality considering the price. In fact the only reason the product doesn't get a 5 star rating from me is the ugly camera design on the back(a lot of people like it though, to each his own I guess). But nothing can beat the stock android found only on nexus devices, smooth transitions, lag free android experience. And on top of that, guaranteed updates for 2 years. Absolutely recommend this product if you can overlook the back camera design. That said, consider any android one phone; all have the same specs, only the designs differ. And this is one solid phone.
I want to thanks Amazon for the Good Service.. Micromax Canvas A1 is Awesome phone. But Battery Backup is average, But it's ok. Can't expect more then this, it it very low cost phone & superb design and slim as well.. I Suggest u guys go for it, u will get superior Nexus 5 experience, Pure Android experience. And also u will get 2 years update your phone through OTA promised by the Company.. don't have to go service centers for the update. That was amazing. Also you will get newly announce Lollipop OS update, that's already Google officially confirm when they are release it.
i am not happy with micromax canvas a1 with android one (magnetic Black), because my phone speaker are not working. I had been to micromax service centre for repair my mobile on 08 Oct 14 at richmond road (Bangalore) there was about 20-25 customers are waiting with problem of their mobiles and only one counter was operating. I am not able to solve my problem and the amozon.in has sent me the defect micromax canvas a1 with android one mobile (magnetic Black). Please let me know how to return it and also exhange my mobile . My order ID 404-7889081-4877108 dated 19 Sep 14.
As i was looking for very basic mobile with good features i opted to buy this as my first purchase thru Amazon. to be honest i was happy with the product/packaging and the shipping as well to a remote area. Job well done on that part. But i was not happy happy with the way Amazon gave its Promo codes,as they mentioned gift coupons worth 1500/- with the purchase. Initially they didn't provided the Promo codes, after a couple of mails i got the Promo codes and that too on specific/outdated items where in i lost interest and didn't do any kind of shopping on amazon
I am giving review after one month's: First of all device is extremely working smooth and fine. Pros: Designed and look is cool 1 GB is support to smooth run. Gaming review is good. Touch works extremely fine. Better than Redmi 1S. Camera and video quality OK If some looking under 6.5k I suggested to go for this device. Cons: I have hardly found cons Battery back is not enough YouTube video some time not run smoothly (not because of Data connection). Ram always use 60-75% even i have not installed to much application.
Good android phone. But till now I found two few issues, First Battery backup(nearly 5 hours), second Bluetooth(only for big size files). Finally, its a good phone in this price.
processing speed is good can play big games without problem (Asphalt , Temple run etc) Video display quality superb.... Camera is not as expected Battery.... ok...
Awesome phone. I love my phone alot. First thing which I like most is its front camera. Its give damn awesome picture from front cam. Rear cam is also good. I found easiest way to take panaroma picture on this phone. Trust me u will love to take panaroma on this phone. Its very easy compare to other phones.second thing which i like most it is Os. Stock rom running like butture. Very smooth.,never hangs. Just only thing i dissapointed is its bettry backup. It have only 1700mah bettry. Though it work up to evening for me. Just buy if u want good phone in low range.
Received the product on the very next day I ordered it here! The phone works really well,there is no lag of any sort even though it's running on a madia tech processor. Seems like the software was optimised well for the hardware. The camera quality is pretty decent for this price segment. And it comes with a flash which is an added bonus. The only down side is the internal memory,which is a measly 4GB out of which 2.27GB is available. Other than this everything is good. It fares really well against other phones this price segment. I would suggest you to buy this.
Negative Aspects: i) We can't our own music as ringtone, only given tones can be used ii) We can't access the Memory card files and folders directly. iii) Music player is not accessing all the mp3 songs from Memory card. and iv) My unbilled mobile bill has reached Rs. 30 to Rs. 249 within 2 days (I don't know what is the reason behind it) Positive Aspects: i) Excellent Mobile within budget ii) Very finger friendly Touch screen iii) Awesome display iv) Wonderful Camera and it's settings v) Worth to buy
Superb phone at a very good price. It has exactly everything I was looking for in a phone. One major constraint for me was screen size has to be max 4.5" as 5" screen phones seem bulky to me. So, after much searching and evaluating I finally went for this and turns out, I have made a excellent choice. Using it for 3 weeks now. The only small downside of the phone: Screen is a fingerprint magnet. I used it without screen guard for 2 days and every now and then I ended up wiping the screen. Finally put on the in-box screen guard and no problems since then.
I am using this phone from 4 days and i dont found any bug. I am an IT student so i think i can judge smartphone than anyone else. Screen size is 4.5 but resolution is not so good as moto e. But u can play high end games as it has 1 GB RAM and 1.3 GHz processor. I played moral combat and Asphalt7 without any lagging! Rear camera is average good. U can compare with nokia's 3.2MP. Flash is not so useful because of less quality of camera. Front camera is 2MP and it actually gives that quality! I liked front camera than rear. Battery backup is low as compared to moto e but u can replace battery in future. the battery of moto e is not removable! This phone have all google apps and regular free software updates for two years. This heats if u r playing games while charging but i made a call of 45 minutes and the phone wasn't heated! I have played upto 1080P mkv videos on this phone. From the phone of 6.5k, u cannot expect more than this. You wil get a free 8GB class 4 memory card with this from amezon! Thank you
Close your eyes and go for it.......REAL VALUE FOR MONEY MOBILE...... Pros: 1GB Ram what else you want in this price range No lags so far, rest of the process will be taken care by Quad Core Processor. It came with Kitkat 4.4.4 which is already a updated version while comparing other mobiles which cost double - Yesterday i got update to install Lolypop 5.1 Cons: Design of the phone looks ordinary (Flip cover or fiber cover required for you need to get If you are gifting this to someone or to your wife...you will get jealous
Awesome phone. Micromax should stop making 100s of other phones and should just focus here. Waiting for Lollipop update now(my primary reason for buying this 'Google phone' and not RedMi)
I got the phone today ... First want to thanks Amazon to deliver the product in a day... U guys are awesome... Mobile Is super it makes me feel that i am using high budget phone. Touch, Process, Feel is excellent.. Guys trust me the phone is awesome .... Thanks first time i purchased Micromax .. They proved they are better other companies... Thanks again ... Keep up the gud work ... :)
I bought this phone for my Mom and she is happy with it. She is first time user of smart phone. I made her use my LG phone with older Android version for few weeks, she finds this phone really nice. She can make calls, and has also started using SMS feature which she was not using earlier ;). Big screen is something helpful for senior citizen. With 8GB card , I have transferred her Favorite songs which she wanted. Overall Paisa vasool phone. Just waiting for the coupons and gift card which was promised with this phone during 10- 16th OCT sale. Ajay.
It's a very nice android cell phone with genuine price.... This phone supports all mobile apps... There is no hanging problem after installing the apps... It deserve 4 star out of 5....
worth money. but battery poor. but other huge specifications in just rs6500 is a very good move by micromax. camera is the best.nice picture quality. must buy for new users.
Pros - Value for money - Updated OS - Smooth and no lag Cons - Could have done better with battery life ( but for the price at which it comes at this not to big of a complaint )
If You want To Buy A Smartphone under 6-6500 then this the best phone, Guys dont go with the a..whole Moto E because of its storage and greenish screen...... Have Been The Best So Far & One Last &I mportant Thing See guys if you wish that update should come before nexus then its impossible because with every new android version google is releasing a new nexus device To get that latest software people buy that Nexus So if the software will be released on android one then no one would purchase The Nexus Devices So Forget abut updates faster
nice mobile at this price range.. having almost every needed option. camera and speaker quality a bit low than expected.. remaining all aspects its fulfill my expectation. go for it...
This Phone works very slow, hangs up every now and then. Sometime hangs up means it will not restart also. I have to remove battery to restart that. Battery life also less. I have written to customer care and there are no reply from the Micromax. I felt very bad paying hard earned money to this phone. Many main page operations are also not user friendly. The camera is a crappy. I am not happy with this at all. I bought this phone because it is Indian made and had good reviews. I don't know reviews may be paid reviews I think. This is against the review.
Micromax Rocks.....Love OUR COUNTRY made phone...itz superb in perfomence...satisfies speed browsing on 3G & Wifi...My frnds, itz 2 months i hav been using MICROMAX CAnVAS A1...am completly satisfied..no network issues, wifi problems for my phone...battery charge is gud comparing to Samsung(my recently used phone)...Also Micromax gived an 8 GB Micro SD card & screenguard in the box pack itself...very awesome...Thanks to AMAZON ...i got the AMAZON DELIVERY within 6 working days.... Dear Frnds...phone is best compared to this price... I Lov my PHOnE....
The sound productions i.c. of the ringtone , call receivings are too poor in comparison with the other brands. The battery also needs at least two times charging in a day inspite of minimum use. As I am a first time 'Smart phone' user and have too little idea on Android A 1 system.... I don't know wheather thease above unexpected menances are designed in all 'Smart phone Technology'? or not?. Other phenomenons like software, getup, comand systems ,applications etc. etc. are of easy response and good to handle.... It's Okay
Canvas A1 - A phone as good as its priced. PROS Very Light weight & Handy, Good Display, Good speed in usage of applications, Good options for usage, Build quality Normal, Simple phone for normal usage, Camera quality as expected for this price Removable battery* CONS less internal memory, Ear phones not good, low in quality *poor battery backup lasts only 4-6hrs No HD display. A phone looks less in cost, but huge in profit for makers
Good one for this price Pros:Touch is smooth and responsive Multi tasking is good doesnt feel any lag. Video Quality is gud. Front cam is ok and if u r a selfie lover better to avoid this one. Rear cam is gud. Call quality is fine. Cons:Mobile getting heated when u r playing high end games and some times even normal games if u play nearly 30mins. Battery Back up is not up to the mark and it is better to use apps like Battery Doctor. some times dont know the phone gets hanged but it occurs rarely
I just fall in love with it. Awesome display quality. Just like Cristal. When my friends show me their phones , may be of Sony or Samsung amounting more than 8500/- I always find my phone is lots more better than them. Hard ware and software both is awesome. Lightening fast processor. No hang. All installed apps can be transferred to MMC. Smoothly plays 1080 mkv hd movies worth vlc player. Presently I hardly on my PC. Most of the minor works done by itself. Thanks ANDROIDONE, MICRO MAX, AMAZON. only cons.... Head phone supplied is not of that quality.
Awesome product... No lag seen even after a continuous use for 1 week.. Have been using for approx a month...and it has given full satisfaction in all aspects. Processor-10 on 10 Display- 10 on 10 Battery backup - 9 out of 10 (stay for a day which is acceptable for a smartphone) Sound- 9 on 10(it lowers when kept on any surface with the speaker side down) Calling and UI - 10 on 10 Overall- 10 on 10. At such a price...and free Google updates for 2 years..!!!! Grab it without a 2nd thought..
Great phone. Best phone among the three new android one. Runs amazingly smooth. Display is best among all recent micromaxes. Camera is average but 5mp does it job well. Surprisingly no lags found until now. I have bought it the day it released, ordered on 15sept delivered on 17sept. Surprised to see best features at this range. All my frndz are also surprised to c so much features at this range. If ur android lover and having your budget enuf fr a1, go for it. All apps can b moved to SD card. Currently I'm running 30apps widout any lags !! Thnx MMX ;)
Phone is ok, as mentioned expandable memory 32gb is not correct, if your put 32gb memory card it will become very hot and it may blust. battery life is poor, other things are ok....
This phone has a problem with memory card. A memory card must be inserted in order to access camera, whatsapp like apps. We can not access its internal memory. I got a 8gb memory card free with this phone but after 3 weeks it corrupted and i lost all my data also i could not use any apps. this is a major problem. ## Don't buy this phone(only because it says 4gb internal memory but nothing about its non-accessibility to user) All other things about this phone is satisfactory Xiomi redmi 1s is way way better than this phone
GOOD FOR THOSE GRADUATING TO SMART PHONES FOR THE FIRST TIME. AS THE PRODUCT ITSELF IS AIMED AS SUCH, THE USER'S BOOKLET IS FOUND WANTING! IT SHOULD HAVE BEEN TWICE THE SIZE- GIVING MORE BASIC DETAILS OF EACH FEATURE. AFTER ALL,THE TARGET CUSTOMERS ARE MOSTLY FIRST TIME USERS OF SMART PHONES!! THE CHALLENGE OF TRIAL & ERROR IMPACTS USAGE LIMITS OF SERVICE PROVIDERS- A DOUBLE WHAMMY! THE BATTERY DRAINS OUT VERY FAST -24HRS, EVEN WHEN HARDLY USED IN 24HRS, AFTER A FULL RECHARGE OF ABOUT 4 HRS AFTER A 10% WARNING INDICATION. ANY SOLUTION?
A1 is excellent for beginners. the only problem is, as the battery is 1700 mah , frerquency of charging is higher than other smartphones. go for it .Best buy at 6k. One star short because of the battery capacity only! other wise 5 stars.Very good looks, easy to handle and operate, and also got automatic upgradation from google.Please buy a flip cover as soon as possible which is available with Amazon.
Now this phone is lot more worth of what it is being sold at. I managed to grab this phone in around 5.5k during Amazon Diwali Dhamaka and truly I am more than satisfied with this mobile. No lags, no hangs, no heating. Absolute stunner from Google for Indians. With recently Android L launched for Nexus, I am just waiting for Google when it releases for Android One. And that would be the time when the buyers of Android One would realize true value of their stuff. Kudos for Amazon and Micromax for bundling such a power house for Indians.
27 Feb 2015 Dear Sir/Madam, I have ordered two sets of Micromax Canvas A1 with Android One (Magnetic Black), Order #403-7823060-1307565 and Order #403-9662868-8209104 and these sets were delivered during the last week of Sept 2014. Unfortunately, one instrument is not working properly and now it is completely switched off. I shall be grateful, if you do needful, in this regard. Sincerely Yours Anil K Sharma Chief Publicity & Public Relations Officer ICAR, Krishi Bhawan, New Delhi 9582898996
Got mine one on 17 Oct out of the box it looked nice booted up smoothly very responsive soft touch. Gr8 speed good ram and processor speed. Back camera is good with auto focus I was very happy until I discovered that the front camera has a fault many times it displays randomly colourful lines such as damaged camera and automatically gets rid of it I don't know u all wheater u faced this problem or not when u quickly switch between the cameras twice it will occur at least with me could have given 5 stars amazon please help somebody please help me
My observations after one month of use:- 1) Display : Good ( 3 stars ) 2) Slim body : Better ( 4 stars ) 3) Design : Good ( 3 stars ) 4) Camera at Day : Good ( 3 stars ) ; Camera at night : better ( 4 stars ) 5) Flash : average ( 2 stars ) 6) Processor & RAM : Better ( 4 stars ) 7) Heating Issues : heating a lot when playing games ( 1 star ) 8) Battery : average ( 2 stars ) 9) Lagging : almost non ( 4 stars ) 10) Price : Better ( 4 stars ) @ 6499 ; will be awesome ( 5 stars ) @ 5799 - 5999
Nice rubber finish at the back. The processor speed is impressive. Nice round corners make it more comfortable to hold in palm. Camera is pretty impressive with 1080p full HD video recording. Nifty looks. Android 1 (ver. 4.4.4) with 3yrs system update is cool. Battery is definitely an issue here. I wish the manufacturer had a little more careful /thoughtful whilst providing with a poultry 1700 mah (Li-Polymer though, Not Li-ion). Overall, a Win - Win bargain had the battery been a bit powerful. Indranil Banerjee :Barrackpore ; Kolkata
Met My Epectations. I was looking for a mobile with Light Sensor to as save battery charge. And this with 1Gb RAM & quad core.. This is best for budget & Pocket size. just 4.5inch
I got my mobile yesterday. The mobile is very good. about 630 MB ram is free. I played some games. the touch response is very smooth. the camara is very good for this price range.
good one ...having good signal booster at low signal areas
but there was no update for google in regards with new Android version. at the time of lauch it told that one will be getting the every new update which be lauching by google....
I am amazed at this phone. Much much more than i expected. Amazing features , decent hardware. Worth the money . And you get Andriod One !! what more to ask for . The best ever.
Hai all....This is Murugan... I am writing my first review about Amazon as well as about Micromax Canvas A1 Android. It is a very good phone at this price level and it has all features in built. I found a problem with this phone is speaker problem. When i am making a call to someone i am not able to hear from the other end as well as i am not audible to next end in a normal mode provided can hear only through loud speaker. I approached Amazon and they quickly made a product return and refund at the earliest. Thank You Amazon......
this phone is fabb! pros beautiful interface good looking smooth touch ok google works fine camera quality is nice sleek design it is always the latest version of android we can play heavy games best phone under 6.5k cons does not have a gallery but this problem can be fixed by installing gallery app from the play store does not have a sound recorder pre-installed apps cannot be uninstalled but can be disabled overall it is a nice phone
hi, it was a really good phone, to tell you about the strength of this phone i would like to mention one incident happened last week, i was travelling in auto and suddenly while chatting it got off my hands and landed right in front of a auto moving on left side to my auto, its one tyre ran over my phone with screen upside but i was lucky that it didnt even get a scratch, i was amazed to see this. but 2 days back i was travelling in local an someone stole it . i have ordered a new one again. Thanks Harsh
It is a gr8 basic phone. But I would say that they could have done more of a personalization in the OS. It doesn't come with most of the usuful preinstalled apps. This thay can modify. On the other hand full phone memory is allocated for installing apps... Sometimes it is good but sometimes it creats problems... Anyway with the memory card provided free of cost with it... One can compensate with that disadvantage :) overall it is a good mobile for a basic user, but if they want to compete with the redmi 1S they will have to improve a hell.
Dear Management, I have not received the below mentioned offer which i was committed at the time of purchasing. Please do the needful at the earliest. Micromax Canvas A1 with Android One (Magnetic Black) from Amazon Special offer only for limited period Offers with Micromax Canvas A1 1) Free Rs.500 Amazon.in Gift Card, provided by December 10,2014 2) Free Coupons worth Rs.2000 on Watches, Shoes & more 3) For Airtel users, Free software upgrades and app downloads for 6 months.
Best ever smartphone under 10k. Using since 2 weeks. Meets all needs. Being equipped by Google it is shiningout among all others. Best software.no lag.Stylish look. Camera comparable to that of Nokia or Sony's 5MP. But not very good in dark. Heats slightly. Battery not enough as required for a smartphone. Excluding these minor things, this one is best under 10/11k.Much better than red mi. If u want same quality under brand names of Nokia, Samsung or Sony, it'll cost 2 or 2 times more. Must buy. Docomo also offering 3GB data for 1 Month.
i am using this phone for around 8 days i cannot belive after using heavy applications phones keeps ram of 500-600mb on facebook every body was saying it has mtk processor it will heat but i dont think so yes it first time heats because battery program in the android needs to sync it with phone so in my views phone is awesome and for more information u can use cpuz application for this phone for amazon delivery i was very disappointed because the courier boy havent come at my house still sends msg that customer was not at home
Performance is OK, but when I try to launch Temple Run 2 as well as a Movie file together, it is unable to handle both these applications even thought it has > 1ghz processor. When the phone is locked, the widgets are working as per kitkat as a lock level widgets, but when I was using the message widget when the phone is in locked mode, I am unable to receive the call and unable to reach even the home screen :( Not sure why it behaves like this. Overall, it is works fine for a single heavy app, without any lag.
The best phone I can think of. I went through my expectation. Gifted this phone to my Dad on his birthday. Its a very good phone for old people for whom high class phone are not valueable. Its good for them to start with as their usage is limitied. My phone battery life lives for 5-6 days and ring volume is high enough for my dad to hear in his noisy office. Phone quality is good enough to take nice photos that my dad can share with us. Overall a very good quality product and valuable for money for starters of smartphone.
Key observations+ -Absolutely NO LAG. Buttery smooth. -Decent battery. Lasts for one day with average usage. -Camera is good. Its almost the same as that of MOTO G first generation. Moto G is double in price. -No heating issues, as reported by few people. -Good resolution. No distorted text. -Sound quality is good and loud. Just quite low during calls on loudspeaker. -Battery charges to full in 2 hr. (Y) Overall -- Worth every penny. GO FOR IT. FOR Amazon Services- Better than Flipkart.
If u r searching a phone below Rs 8000 with decent camera & 1 GB RAM, Android one is the best option. I choose Micromax coz its look is awesum & camera looks nice. Pros-- 1. Good look 2. Decent camera with HD recording. 3.Smooth touch 4. Android update option 5.No lags Cons 1.Sound of Music is average bt not bad 2..Battery last for 1 day (avg use) Schemes of Amazon are worth looking. There is no inbuilt file manager, you need to install it. BT all round its a good phone.
Please tell me about its internal memory. its not showing
This is my life's 1st touch fone n i feel realy lucky to get hold of such a grt luking, lightwt n amazing piece of technlgy at such a price. I hav no issues wid sound, grafix, wifi, cam n other operatns...all run vry smooth n fast. Got a free protectiv cover, 8GB strontium class-4 microSD card, a great headset wid Mic, MicroUSB to USB2.0 cable wich can be used for data transer as wel as for charging via pc or by conkting d usb to a supplied power adaptor. I ordrd on d 30th n rcvd on 2nd aftr payin rs.49 xtra. I highly recomnd dis fone.
I brought this mobile in online shopping from Amazon,within one month problem started with ON OFF switch, I am unable to start phone, once screen get locked, after 2 months of purchase I visited micromax customer service center,they kept my phone for 12 days with them for servicing, After that I am facing same problem within 15 days now my phone is totaly useless.I had brought this phone as a gift to my younger brother and now I am totally disappointed.. Requesting you to resolve my problem. Regards, Sachin
Not the usual average design from micromax and is lovable. It feels very light and the 4.5" screen size is the best to fit in hands. Apps/games work at decent speed. Camera works better in daylight but disappoints at night/indoor conditions. But we can't expect more from this budget mobile. Best thing about this mobile is pure Android with minimal bloatware and guaranteed upgrade to Android L ☺ Overall, worthy mobile for every single rupee. Go for it. Android has called for more makers to join Android One program and that's good.
i must say .. this phone is so smooth, easy going , and very interesting to operate. one of the greatest features is here is no preinstalled hazy apps. but u can download all your need from play store. camera is good at this prce but the video recorder is better. net is faster than others. 3g support. and big to say , this device ll get update upto next two years which u cant get in any other phone. so many possibilities. so what r u waiting for ? if ur budget is 7000 and u r looking for a better android , then go for it.
I have been using this phone for almost 2 months. Performance wise its a very good phone. Meets my daily requirements without much hassle though sometimes some app crashes, I guess its normal. Pros: 1. Almost lag free. 2. Battery is sufficient to last a day (maybe even more). 3. Stock Android. 4. Front facing camera performs good in bright light environment. 5. Sound is pretty loud and clear. Call quality is also good. Cons: 1. Primary Camera is not very good. 2. Low Internal storage.
Its More than Worth Rs.6,499.00 as I also bought LG Google Nexus 5 by paying Rs.32,000.00 and there is no difference in between both the handsets, Its Amazingly Value for Money as I am using both Jayant Goenka (Managing Partner) POLYPLASTICS & INDUSTRIES +91 9830258366 +91 9330258366 jkgoenka@polyplastics.co.in jkgoenka@gmail.com
This phone doesnt contain video calling feathers no clarity of pictures. Photos or videos or apps doesnot save without memory card to internal memory 4gb. waste of money
Good product.. Ekdm paisa wasool.. Everything working perfectly fine.. Only thing that bothers me is the space left unused at bottom..Otherwise it would be best product.
It's a good value for money phone. The built and finish of the phone is smooth matt finish And the features and specs are pretty decent. After a week from the delivery the phone hardware crashed. And I was really disappointed with the same although I had 1 year warranty I got it fixed from the service center nearby and now it works smoothly. Amazon was kind enough to provide me a 300/- bucks voucher for the inconvenience. I'm not certain if other online retailers would even show such a gesture. Thank you Amazon.
Phone is Ok....but Airtel cheated us..as they claim for free offer is just making customer fool. I have successfully logged into airtellive & got a mes that u have got 100mb & 200mb free data for 6 months but while updating/downloading apps it deducted my mail balance. after talking to customer care I came to know that I'll not get the offer as it not shown in their chart for my new android one IMEI no ...just making us fool. I think amazon.in should take action in this matter.........that is a genuine customer appeal to amazon...
Smart phone is good. But some rectification is necessary. Receiving tower signal strength is poor, or some times fully detected, while using internet it is very disturbance.
Got this phon last week by one day delivery from amazon services,performance is very impressive,all the games are running pretty smooth even also in high graphics.camera & recording are pretty good compare to this price range,1080p videos are also playing well.But the battery life is not that good & another dissapointment is that u can't pause video while recording a video.Even htc ,moto ,iphone has disadvantages.Finally i would say if u considering a low price phone ,then go for it ,this is a awesom phone within this price tag.
Its true that the the product has excellent display and is very very cute and handy. However, while using I have noticed the following problems. 1.Speaker volume is very less when compared to the other android phones. While speaking, I found the volume is feeble but can be managed with head phones up to some extend. Sound clarity is not there while using the MP3.. 2. Battery life is not as expected. It drains fast.. 3. Head phones quality is not up to the mark. Back cover is not strong enough to protect the phone form damages. 4. Flip cover or suitable pouch for protection of device is yet to be available in the market, which shall also be introduced along with device. Over all, the attempt of Google & Micromax is appreciable. However,Manufactures should rectify the defects. Otherwise the the product will not be accepted by market. The phone is not meeting my expectations.
Ahh Wonderful product by Google and Micromax, if your low budget then definitely go for buy this phone. your really njoy pure android os with this product by google. Android one deserved 5star for this range. pros: good display battery backup for full day 1gb ram (available nearly 550 to 500mb really good) No hanging problem smoothly touch with super fast speed. cons; camera not good as expectation but compare other on this range then still its better from all them.
Phone is good, I find very handy and useful. Some of us might be getting confused for Screen size and resolution. I can assure you that Screen colors are good and it is visible in sunlight as well. Size of phone is the best as it is not that big which you can not hold and not small to watch videos and Play games. this Devise support nearly all the high end games + you have assurance for OS update from google.. But we still dont have an Update for Andriod 5.0 as it has been enrolled for Google Nexus and Moto g phones
PROBLEMS REMAIN UNATTENDED DESPITE FEEDBACK FACILITY PROVIDED IN THE DEVICE. HANGS REPEATEDLY, BATTERY DRAIN IS TREMENDOUS EVEN WHEN NOT BEING USED ? STANDBY TIME IS MUCH LOWER THAN CLAIMED/ CUSTOMER SUPPORT IN SECTOR 14 GURGAON HAS A LOT OF DIS-SATISFIED CUSTOMERS /USERS WHICH SPEAKS VOLUMES ABOUT THE PERFORMANCE OF THE DEVICE. IF I HAVE TO WAIT FOR 3 TO 4 HOURS EVERY WEEK FOR THE CUSTOMER CARE TO RECTIFY FAULTS, I WOULD HAVE WASTED MORE THAN 200 WORKING HOURS PER ANNUM WHICH IS A COSTLY PROPOSITION, AT LEAST FOR ME ,
Yes good one for the price. But much like every additional feature requires you asking google account! So that's the main drawback who want to use other ways. Light weight, smart but little confusing for a new comer for quick contacts. Better to turn off net when not in use as it may incur charges for mail alerts. Storage wise it's not upto the expectations as with a 2GB card it says memory close to full free up your space just after taking few couple of photos & videos! Anyway good and recommended for the reasonable budget.
Bought this phone for my father, but the first experience was really bad. Tried downloading apps from the play store and updating the existing apps, but it kept stuck in the downloading status for hours. I tried over 2/3 different WiFi networks, but nothing helped. Also tried on carrier data network, that was also not fruitful. Finally after trying whole day, found an article on internet about hard reset of phone. Just finished that. And finally apps are downloading. Will update the review after using for couple more days.
ultimate phone. after comparing it with it a lot of other same range phones, i purchased it... using it since a week. No loose ends... pros.- 1)very good display 2)longlasting battery 3)very good cameras, front and rear both 4)speed... fadu... 5)gyroscope really rocks... very sensitive 6)looks decent 7) and the biggest ... PRICE cons- 1) back cover is not strong, but u can manage with that. 2) amazen offer of 2000 rs. coupons, how to get and when, dont know.
I love this phone it is very good.phone is good but delivery is very bad as per estimated delivery it came three days late.this phone is perfect for low budget good specs
Amazing phone but has some problems like: It gets heated up when you play games like MC4, Injustice, etc and charging is very slow it may take up to 2-3 hours to get 100%
This phone functions and features are very gud, but the only thing I would like to say the battery back is not meeting the requirement, the battery goes down very fast if simply you use the internet or the social networking site. One more thing is that if you put application lock for the video player (goggle) it supposed to not play the video until unless the lock is open as it happens in rest of android phone, but in this phone video is start playing in the back screen of the unlock password. So please solve this issue.
Micromax Canvas A1 with Android One is Great value for money. great way to have mobile data connectivity. Canvas A1 has great look among below 7K phones. Reduced brightness amazingly extends battery life for 3G usagee. Light weighted for easy carry and size that is just best to view & text emails. Was too disappointed after spending heavily on top brands of mobile, which were out of market in no time after their launch.. Micromax A1 is great option to explore 3G offering at amazing low investment.
The phone is excellent. Good build quality. Awesome screen. Good speaker volume. I played asphalt 8 for 20 mins, and the temperature increased to 41degree .which is normal.one more good thing is that the free 8 GB memory card is of class 6.I am loving this phone.
I Really dnt like this product, it provides heat if we r on call for 2 mins, it gets over heated, screen is dull no clarity at all. am not at all happy with this product
hello I have purchased this phone. And not at all happy with the battery performance. Also the phone gets heated soon while talking on phone or when using internet.
I m facing a problem when I lock the screen I see the white colour line on screen...if anyone has the same problem tell me....phone is awesome... Great buy at this price
Surprised and satisfied With the Gazette. All that you want from a smartphone. Low in price brilliant at performance. You will be fascinated with every feature of the phone BUT certainly not with the camera quality. Its so called 5MP(rear) but the picture quality is not worth it. Rest EVERYTHING is just amazing, you will surely love it. If you are looking for a low budget smartphone then GO FOR IT. I would have rated it with 5 stars but since the camera quality is not matching to 5 MP hence giving it 4 stars.
Pros: Smooth, lag free operation Guaranteed software updates Good build quality Cons: Screen is a little low resolution, but well lit and good color reproduction Camera is 5 MP only Conclusion: At this price its a really good phone. The screen may not be HD but that's not a deal breaker for me. It's clear and readable. The best part is the smoothness and lag free operation that this phone provides. Buy it if it suits your budget, I have it as a backup phone.
This is a great phone. It's fast, smooth and supports all the latest apps. The only problem is space- you run out of it on your phone pretty quickly, so if you like having lots of apps, this isn't the phone for you. If you're content with just the bare basics, then this phone is great. The stock android is a pleasure to use. Buy this phone. It's got pretty much the same specs as most phone three times its price. It's also quite sturdy- I've dropped it quite a few times and nothing's happened to it. Good job, Micromax.
This phone is simply amazing. i will recommend this phone to everyone if they are searching for low budget and all features. Camera is okay for this much price. Auto focus work fine with paper deatils and reading text. bur camera is not good at night with low light. Battery time is also just alright. Interface is amazing with buttery touch and switching applications. To conclude go for this phone if u have low budget. If u have some high budget then go for Moto G 2nd Gen. Comparing to Moto E, this A1 phone is better.
I just totally love the speed and performance of stock android 4.4.4 (kitkat) on Canvas A1. its completely worth the price and its decent in every aspect for the money you pay. First time users and people who would like to shift from Windows phone would surely love this phone. the screen 4.5 inch is holdable and good for single hand usage. resolution and clarity is good too. would recommend it to every buyer for the quality Android one Promised updates and Value for money. i am waiting for android L update soon.. !!!
Perfect mobile. using for 15 days. no doubt. excellent processing speed. no lagging issue. but use class 8 memory cards for faster response. more than worth for money.
great device for the price...performance is pretty good.even with many apps running only 40-50% of RAM is consumed on an average which is pretty good,the notification LED glows only in green,battery backup is pretty OK could have been a little better.I got a 8 GB mmc card which is a class 4 card, class 6/10 would have been better.Day time performance of camera is pretty good and low light performance is below average with default camera app.audio recording in video mode is mono.overall a great device for the budget.
Ordered phone on 22/9 evening and recd on 26/9 late afternoon. Descent packing. Early impression is good.. performance is EXCELLENT so far with only 2-3 apps installed, including whatsapp and using only 1 of 2 SIM slots. Display is good, battery is also average. Will come back with detailed review later when I have more apps and used it for a while. Its a good buy & value for money! I have been using Samsung Galaxy Grand for 1+ yr now. Bought this one for my wife (first Micromax in my home, and so far so good)
Im happy 2 hv completed 2 months of using dis mob!! It certainly is 1 of my greatest buyz.....I thnk @ dis price....it certainly a must buy... In dis 2 months i hvnt got a single con....it works great.... .ram nd d processor rockz..its fast as a knight....glad dat micromax launched dis @ such a cheapprice...nd google updates r just lik in nexus... Overall a great mob ..nd d games too work awesumm..nd the mob doesnt hang...it certainly rockz ...nd deserves a 5 star... Thnk u...micromax nd amazon...!!
The battery back-up is not good. I am not using the set for long period, even though battery level comes to below 40 prcent. Other wise set is good. Battery Company must immediately replaced to boost up the market, other wise market will sink. Customer service must be informed to replace the battery immediately, for those who are approaching with battery complaint. Service centre and customer care centre must be stong. Insipte of repeated e- mail they are not answering.
For the price, this is the best phone that can provide you the near Nexus experience. I said near 'Nexus' experience instead of pure android experience cos it has guaranteed updates (one of the first phones receiving Android L); decent display; quality hardware; 0 lag performance and pretty decent battery backup on dual sim. What I didn't like in it: Thick bezels, 2 GB default space to install apps (after rooting, using Link2SD this problem can be solved), useless headsets and absence of Gorilla Glass.
unfortunately when i got the mobile in my hand 1st time , the charger was not working. :( immediately i asked for refund. wow excellent it was awesome. amazon done a refund immediately i requested . coming to the mobile, I think this is the best phone you can chose for this price range. i was little worried about the screen quality since its a WVGA scree. but its Brightness is awesome. You can go for it without a second thinking. you will get guaranteed update to latest os in coming 2 years. so cheers. go for it.
There are few minor problems which I see. 1) The internet connectivity icon is not getting displayed on handset when in roaming 2) The sim card messages cannot be deleted from the messaging app 3) Most Important - The option of selecting the network mode to WCDMA/GSM is not available. Can this point be taken into account by Business?? Otherwise, the handset is pretty cool and with the price that it comes, it's irresistible. Thanks to micromax and Google. Waiting for the Lolipop eagerly.
I have been using this phone for over a month and I have to say this phone is example what can be done with optimum hardware and software combination. It can take on phones twice of its price in terms of performance. Plus the guaranteed update makes it a dream for such low price. The two things that I dont like are the battery and mediocre camera. But again, you can't buy everything with 6.5k. Its far better than samsung, asus,xiomi etc because it runs Android the way its meant to run. 1 star down for battery.
Premium phone at an excellent price. Nice sound, headphones could have been better but have a good sound quality with a few tweaks in the equalizer. The equalizer is in-built but you could download it from the store. I recommend Music Volume Eq. Camera is not that good. Display is nice. Movie playback is excellent. Updates on the go. Lot of bad reviews but I took a leap of faith and I am satisfied. Performance is excellent and the battery is not that bad. Its just like any other android phone around a DAY.
The configuration of the phone is good w.r.t its price. However phone sound in all respect is a big concern.M/s Micromax and google have to look after in this area seriously. I m using this handset for around 20 days and found satisfactions with display (though it is not providing gorilla glass unlike moto e) camara and processor speed. Battery back up is not up to the mark but not below standard also. Overall micromax android one is a good budget phone with all its limitations.
Its really worth for the money!!! Very nice on hand due to the soft rubber back, fast and smooth performance, fair battery charge and all apps are getting regular updates. The screen is of perfect size and of good clarity, no complaint for the money spent. The free 8G SD card is a really a good package option, however the screen guard could have been of better quality, its easily getting dirty with finger prints and needs regular cleaning with a soft cloth. I would really recommend this phone to someone else!!
Best Mobile Ever... You have every thing in you Phone which Nexus has... Dont waste Money in Expencive Mobiles like Samsung, Sony.... go for it..... My Roommate ordered Samsung Galaxy S4, last week that cost him approx. 7 times Android One Mobile Price... Me and him both do the same job/work in mobile..... He spent 41000, i spent 6500. Now it's up to you..... What you prefer..... Bonus... You have an option to change the mobile in another 1 year if you buy this phone since it's not so expensive.
Dear all, my experience with this phone is quite good, I purchased this phone only because google have promised to give the further new OS updates in fearture, I am disappointed with google that they didn't overcome there promise. I would suggest you all not to purchase this phone if you are only buying for the OS updates.. Hopefully Google will release the update asap.The updates are released for other brands hence it was told that it will be available firstly on prior for nexus and android one smart Phones.
Superb phone. Even accidentally dropping it from roof top no sign off any drop.really superb features works super fast can easily handle games of 1 GB. Supports every app. No problem is there in the phone.the camera can easily click HD images of superior quality at part with the high end mid range phones of 20,000.the as there is no HD screen out has higher benchmark then 1st gen moto g In nut shell it satisfy all your needs and will do so for 2 years as regular updates are there direct from Google
Pros. *feel good in hand..as its 4.5inch screen is handy in spite of being a 4inch screen phone lover. *its internet is really smooth. *5MP Camera is really good.. *speaker..aa..a..good to hear personal music,Videos. *Display is also good..much good. *yummy sleak phone.. Yum. Cons. Battery is average. It could have at least 500mah battery more. Then it would be a 100% best phone. At last I give 80% out of 100%. Boys and girl go for it..
Phone is quite nice , lightweight with smooth back cover. Camera clarity is excellent in daytime with amazing Google camera , in low light camera is not much effective. Sound is also very heavy n loud. Headphones are not much effective for music lovers. Battery back up is OK compairing to other phones . Can play high quality videos except 1080p. Interface is very impressive, nice work by Google. I will give 4/5 as a layman phone...;)
Generally I like Canvas A1 Product. i have already purchased one piece (Black) and is working fine and i am very much satisfied. but this white piece, which i had purchased for my colleague, failed and was not working after one day. hence i had to return this product back to amazon for replacement. Thanks to Amazaon for wonderful and quick response and quick reverse of cash. Othewise, i like amazon and its products, they are generally good and have very less faulty like the above
i liked the phone..but as soon as i handed it over to my sister (after using for two days),its rear camera is not working properly..and its memory card reader isn't functioning well..don't know if i should take it to service centre or not..problem is that,i stay in delhi and my sibling stays in yavatmal (a small town in maharashtra)..conveying the item is too difficult between me and her..i wished if the product had no issues in first place,but alas for micromax..i wish i had bought moto-e or asus-zenfone4..
It is a good phone worth itt with display, size and quality. I have couple of concerns as well. 1)- USB driver for USB desktop file/photo transfer isnt there. I am not able to see files in my computer when USB is connected There is also no USB tethering option available which was my requirement. 2)- There is no file manager at all. These two small options could have been included as it does not cost much.. Other parameters wise ... phone is perfect.
Bought this mobile in Nov-14 and it works fine with out any issues. Battery lasts for one day even if i am connected with 3G and talks around 2 hours per day. It is worth for the money when i got this phone for Rs.6449 that includes 8GB memory card , scratch card and Rs.500 Amazon gift voucher. Amazon had given other discount vouchers as well but i did not use them on time. Overall I am happy with this purchase and I recommend this for all the people who are looking for budget phone with necessary features.
i love the looks and the features of this phone...awwsssmmm front camera.....but as being a smart phone battery backup is low....but otherwise it is very nice... :)
on very low price one can buy kitkat version ...as price of mobile speed is gud ..battry life u better know how much gives in this price ...other things are gud ...
Apart from battery backup, everything is fine in this phone. If it is 2100mAh battery it would be the best phone in segment.I would have given it 5 star.Battery drains quickly if you use 3G data.If you use 2G data it will last more time than 3G usage.Did not checked over wi-fi.Call quality is good.Skype video calls are good.Did not used it for gaming,temple run and subway surfers ran fine.Basically i use smartphone for productivity,it helps me keep updated with new mails on the go and keep online on skype.
Dont buy if u dont know android Phone is good with performance and looks however material is not upto the mark, also android is stock kitkat 4.4.4, they have not included a file browser, also less settings than previous versions available, they want u to download each and every thing using ur data connection, camera is better, however in same price range i suggest micromax unite2 which is better than this, do not just by a phone to get regular update when a phone cannot service 2 years.
Go for it ! My second Android and I'm thrilled ! For those of you who had doubts that the A1 only takes Airtel SIM's, the answer is NO. I've worked 3G with both Vodafone & BSNL on this set. Camera is average & so is the battery life. 6-7 hours of 3G + Games+ Calls. Good display for the price. Processor + stock Android is fast without any lags. No heating issues like the Redmi 1s, touch pad is really good and the size 4.5 inch is just perfect even for one hand operation. For File Manager, just download ES File Explorer from Google Play Store. We did expect a 2000ma battery instead of 1700ma but then you cant have it all! Compatible higher capacity batteries will be out soon.
Quite a Phone for the Price !!! Lag free & smooth operation.I'm actually stunned by its efficiency.Battery lasts a whole day even with quite much multitasking. Stock Android look but that can be changed if wanted by downloading a launcher if you want [Next or GO Launcher] It can give the higher end mobile brands a run for their money [I happen to be using one & am hence stating so].To end, If your'e looking for an inexpensive phone which gives you a great & complete android experience, this ones for you.
Using this for the past 2 weeks.... Satisfied with my purchase.... wanted a phone under 10k which will help me run fb,watt zap,g mail and internet parallel without lag.... efficiently serves the purpose (Y) battery life lasts a dayss usage..... for me from morning 6 am at full charge status to evening 7 at 20% remaining( all the time internet on with usage of watzap,gmail and fb) looks are really cool,slim,light weight and handy serves my needs best at this prize range
A very good phone... Worth buying if you have been using an entry or mid segment smartphone for a while and desire a change or want to replace your old smartphone.
Product is good but battery back up and ear phone cord quality is not up to mark. I play FM approx 30 min in a day and watsApp around 1 hour in a day. Phone calls approx 2 hours in a day. But I charge battery twice or thrice in a day. Ear phone cord is also not good. cord material is very sharp it can cut ur neck as well. Rest of things are fine. Phone calls details, watsApp or other folder locking system is not here. So I would suggest ot think twice before purchase it.
It is almost 3 months I bought this mobile, I did't face any problem except the battery stand by time. Even the battery is also working fine for almost all the day, if we won't turn on the data usage. The camera quality is also nice. Only doubtful thing is still I didn't get any update for the android version. One can easily chose this mobile within small the budget. Thank you amazon for a prompt delivery, I did get this mobile in 3 days time even at a remote place in the Northeast India.
Phone is superb and the delivery speed was marvelous. it just took 14 days to deliver however according to tracking details it was in the city for past 4-5 days.
Friends,really you want to by it.............. i mean Micromax Canvas A1 with Android One (Serene White) NOW HURRY AND GO FOR ITZZZZ... really i have amazing experience of this phone but remember in this phone there is no file explorer,gallery. You must download the ES file explorer from google play store and where u want. The strontium memory card come free with it but my advice to u is this not use this memory card is slows down your cell....... all the workings are good net come with good speed
Best budget phone ever wow simply awesome expect battery!!! High graphical games run very smooth like another Google play edition phone!!! And it is super fast.
A nice mass scale model to beat NEXUS brand. It is a very practical phone. 100% of the phone features are really usable in day to day life. Recommended for all.
maine september me purchase kiya tha.kabhi kabhi hang hota hai .apne aap band ho jata hai,ab bilkul band ho gaya hai. service centre me bheja hai dekhate hai kya hota hai. battery bhi jaldi drain ho jata hai.iske pahle bhi micromax funbook kharida tha wo bhi dead hai repair ke liye diya tha service centre wale ne paisa kha liya parantu thik nahi kar paya.ab sabhi grahako se savinay nivedan hai ki agar aapko apne paise barbaad karna hai to micromax ke mobile ya anya product apne risk par kharide.
Lightning fast delivery within a day without extra cost phone is great all specs can be compared to a 15 k phone and will get latest android every time it comes that's much better than other phones, no heating issues till now and no lags but graphics are not good for high end games like asphalt 8 when compared to my nexus 7 and solo q800 but their price are higher than this one, one more problem is that games does not run on full screen in landscape mode as the onscreen buttons are always there
I bought this phone on 10th of oct.and after observing performance and all i sud say this is a nice phone. Pros-nice design,cost effective,android updates automatically frm google, no heating problem and expandable memory. Cons-battery drains so rapidly.on call it drains in about 5-6 hrs ans on internet usage it drains in 2-3 hrs.and in idle mode it will survive for a day. Other cons is sometime rarery it hangs on an app but i think it is also due to nt waiting fr the app to open.
The mobile look is nice. and the battery back up is quite good compare to other phones. if any one looking for a mobile at this range u can go for it
5 star for low price, offers(Memory card+Screen guard+Airtel data offer+Coupon) and above all its performance. At this price it is very very fast. I expect more like 1)camera quality should be better 2)Battery 3)Basic application missing like- File manager 4) Sound quality should be higher. Though at this price it not possible. But I love this mobile and recommend to buy it because at present I cannot find any mobile in the World with this price range. It is the best mobile in India @ Rs 6500.
Great phone at a great price. Stock Android is smooth. No bloat apart from the Amazon App Store, Ask, and Hike Messenger but they can be easily disabled. Still a lot better than all the useless apps other OEMs put in their phones. Has a radio too. Camera quality isn't all that great but you get a gyroscope (that the gen 1 Moto E and Moto G lack) so you can take amazing photo sphere pics from the Google Camera. Better looking than the other Android One offerings too, but that's just my opinion. Edit: The earpiece gets uncomfortably hot during calls. Edit #2: 5.1 Lollipop on this device is absolutely glorious. Seriously. Don't even consider cheap phones from Micromax, XOLO, etc. They will never see a firmware update.
Great phone for its price, but the 4 key - keypad on the handset would have made the screen bigger with "back, menu , home and search" being on the handset. Screen guard was exact size and that made even a trained hand difficult to place on the screen. MicroSim need which should be mentioned up and above or probably i dint see it. It was ordered for a birthday on 10th oct with 1 day shippiing but reached 1 day after on 11th oct. No update on the cash back by SBI...
I will be rating it 4 .5 cause i just recieved it . Its super smooth like i saw on the reviews online . But m not sure of battery back up so i will give it a time to check although i am sure it will be decent. pros > Sexy Looks >Rubber back pannel makes it resistant to sweat hands and good grip etc >Super smooth cons >have nt yet recognized one But i will do the review again after some frequent usage still i would say its band for the buck!
best phone at this price! i show this phone to my friends and tell them to guess its price after using it.. all of them say its about 10-15k phone! don't go for the negative reviews.. even if you have 10% interest in the phone.. i suggest you to buy it! everything is awesome.. the high end games work like a charm.. camera and flash are pretty good and battery also lasts an hour! finally a phone i will use for next 2 years! thanx amazon for your best service.. :)
Hi It is to bring to your kind attention that I have received an empty box of micromax canvas a1. The phone and accessories were missing. I am very sad as I had purchased it as a birthday gift for my father and the box was empty. Please provide me with the cell phone and the accessories.
Awesome phone at 5k, Got the phone on Republic day offer, Wished i would have bought 2 of them pros good looks good performance good seller and lot of good things Best phone of first time smart phone user 8gb cls 6 micro card is free from the seller(cloudtail) cons should have a big battery say about 2300mA dosent come with file manager need to download (es file manager) I will recommend the phone to my friendz!!!!!!!!
A TRUE REVIEW: I bought this awesome phone 6 days ago... really this amazing with such a low price... its sound quality is good... its look is awesome but earphone set given in the box is not such a quality., but it can be ignored.. I will say that u will not get such stylish and nice branded phone with this low price from any other brand.. U can buy this phone without any hesitet... And finally amazon deliver is awesome but amzon forget to put the free memory card within my purched box...
Signal is weak, net is not working in full length.
Its a good one for the reasonable price. After a month usage am facing heat issues while talking because along with internet usage. Two sim cards can't use at times. Don't use Internet while charging it gets damn heat. 3G is fast and 2G is slow. Display is good. Sound in speakers is OK. Headsets paining the ear. In the box all are OK . am using the scratch guard and memory card from the box . 8 GB card all is good. So far 60 - 40 I can give for the product.
Phone gets discharged very fast.Auto stop for 15 seconds or 30 seconds does not work all the time. Sometimes phone remains on only even after call is over. And has to be switched off manually. This makes the phone to get discharged very quickly. In the beginning after some days of purchase , the camera was not workingand there was error message.I had to go for "default factory setting" and thereby all the data was lost and had to be loaded again with great difficulty.
It's a very good low budgeted phone, only drawback is its battery...otherwise undoubtedly very ,very,very............ .very good smartphone. My suggestion is to launch a smartphone having OS-- Android 4.44, Ram--minimum 2 GB, Internal Memory--Minimum 16 GB, Battery--above 2100 mAh, Camera--Minimum 13 mp(rear)......of course, price will increase but within 12000/- to 13000/- .....is very much acceptable to me. Awaiting eagerly for the launch of the Smartphone as suggested.
Itz,a very good product much Better than Samsung S Duos 2!!!!! Very Good Service was given by seller and I am Apprciating Him for That!!!!!!!!! I enjoyed with this phone.Cant explain in words.Its a very good product!!!!! But my friend bought ASUS ZENFONE 4 A450 CG from Flipkart.It a bit better than this!!!! We dnt get 4.5 Inch Screen in this phone because HOME BUTTON,GO BACK BUTTON and OPTION BUTTON are inside the screen eventhough there is more space in outside!!!!!!
Hi all. I bought this android one phone in few days of its launch from amazon. Firstly the service provided by amazon was awe sum. I received the phone well on time and in good packing. Secondly regarding the phone i would say its a amazing product at this price. In comparison to my previous smart phone, this does not hand..i am able top play my favorite games and browse internet and do all tasks coolly. I am impressed by its great looks. I would recommend this product. Please go for it.
Excellent phone for the price range.. It's a main competition to Redmi 1s. Redmi however has a superior hardware compared to A1. Reason why you should pick A1 over Redmi 1S is 1. Availability - If you dont wanna try your "luck" every 2 PM to get Redmi 1s. 2. Stock Android - With gauranteed update for 2 years. I tweeted Google and they responded saying Lollipop update for A1 is coming shortly. 3. No Miui - If you hate miui which is on Redmi 1s, A1 is your way.
It's a wonderful phone and it's been a month now. Little lag in camera sometimes yet not persisting. Overall specs and looks are great. Interface is awesome
Very satisfactory. It would have been better if a flip case was made a part of the deal even at some cost as such a case is not available yet in the market.
I see it as a google project future device not as a micromax one. this device is guaranteed software updates for two years, this is awesome. This one really has lot under its hood, it handles anything you throw at it efficiently. There isn't any hiccups or any major lags or crashes even while handling large size and heavy graphic games or apps. It doesn't even sweat a bit even while playing asphalt 8 at high graphic mode and even handles other heavy graphic games very efficiently. If your are a heavy user you need to charge your mobile at least twice a day and if you are a normal user it should last you at least a day without charging. And come on after all you are spending just 6k on it. Both cameras are decent and does its job in well lit conditions and in low light conditions it performs as a normal 6k device. Speaker sound is a bit low to my liking. Call quality is fine and not the best. Display should satisfy you if you did not use any flagships with higher ppi. Performance wise it can easily beat a 15-20k device of so-called worlds largest selling mobile company which are good for nothing. Overall if your want to experience a smart phone for the first time this is the perfect device and even for others this little one doesn't discourage you and satisfies your needs of a smartphone.
Simply amazed by the quality of this phone! The best thing about this phone is that its super smooth. In the 3 months I used this phone for, it mustn't have lagged even minutely. It zips around, whatever you do, no matter how many apps you keep open. & the reason behind this is Google full involvement in the software & hardware of this phone. Google has optimised the software to get the best of d phone's hardware. So, performance-wise, it can beat up slightly higher-specced phones. Well, those who say its a Desi Nexus or mini Nexus, are not wrong actually. Because at this price, you get such latest Android updates very quickly, & that's a big-point because, each new android update makes u feel like u're using a new phone. There is no heating problem at all. All my friends who've operated my phone are totally surprised by the responsiveness and ease with which this phone runs. & my friends have a Blackberry Z10, Samsung Galaxy S3 & I Phone 4S! It is really difficult for me to find a shortcoming in this briliant phone. Though battery can seem insufficient for many as with 2g data on, the battery lasts for about 12 hours. Now, some technical briefs:- 1. 1.3 GHz Mediatek MT6582 quad-core processor 2. 1 GB of ram out of which the system uses only 300-350 MB! Rest for ur apps & multitasking 3. Graphics are Mali-400 MP, which easily plays Asphalt 8 at highest settings & yes 1080p videos run nicely too. 4. The 4.5 inch display is IPS, so viewing angles are very good. Good enough. 5. A 5 MP autofocus camera with LED flash at the back, & 2 MP font camera. Camera is OK-OK. Not too good, not too bad. 6. Android Kitkat 4.4.4, which offers way better performance than JellyBean. & by Jan ending of 2015, I'll be updated to Lollipop! 7. Battery, I might say is the only sucker! It should have been more, but Lollipop is said to increase battery life significantly.
Have been using this phone for 2 days now. Switched from blackberry. Pro's- 1. Affordable price tag for such quality. 2. Absolutely no lag. Pure stock android experience. 3. Good looking body with matte finish back. Looks like a beauty in full black. 4. No bloatware ala samsung/Nokia. 5. Excellent touch-very responsive. 6. Best gaming experience for phones below 15k. 7. Best selfie camera in this range 8. Primary camera has flash. 9. No manufacturer gives an 8 GB class 6 SD card, screen guard, user manual, charger, earphones, screen wipe along with a 6k priced handset. 10. Pride of using a swadeshi company's device. Hope they start manufacturing in India itself. So-So 1. Battery last 6:30 Hrs with low continuous usage & 20 hrs with lock screen. 2. Camera is okayish. Low light photos are really bad but good pics can be taken when scene is bright. 3. Pixels per inch is lesser than moto e but this can be overlooked with the device's sharp graphics & higher brightness. 4. Call logs UI could have been better designed. Cons 1. Charging takes too long. 2. Earphone is of poor quality. 3. Speakers could have been better positioned. 4. Screen is highly reflective & gets smudged easily. Nothing major. Conclusion - If u want an excellent smartphone experience without burning a hole in ur pocket then MMX Canvas A1 is the best. Hope the Indian pseudo elites drop their snooty attitudes and adopt MMX. Just becoz it's foreign doesn't mean it's better.
If you have no time to read my review, then one sentence is enough :- “Just go for it before it gets out of stock.” If you have time to read my detailed review, then here it is:- I am writing the review of Micromax Canvas A1(Magnetic Black), after using the phone continuously for 30 days. This is the only phone which provides “entertainment, entertainment and entertainment” at the price range of 6499/- 1.LOOK & DESIGN:- The phone is thousand times better than it appears in the image on website. It is slim & handy. The volume key and the lock key are just fantastic. 2.SCREEN:- The screen is satisfactorily nice. Images & videos appear smoothly with their actual colour & resolution. Graphics is awesome. The most important thing is that there is no physical keys on the phone except the volume & lock key. The three keys are part of the screen at the bottom like the Nexus devices. It is a great advantage because these keys work faster than the traditional physical keys. Touch response is amazing. The device can surpass all other phones of 10k budget in touch response. The screen is visible on sunlight. 3.BATTERY:- The battery is better, but not the best. A fully charged battery will provide you – 2 hour internet+1.5 hour phone call+ 1 hour video playback +1/2 hour gaming. For a normal user like me the above said usage is sufficient. So I get a full day battery backup. Man by nature wants more than he gets. But at this price range it is ok. The 7k-10k budget phones provide the same battery backup or a little bit more. If you are a heavy user then you may use a power bank which costs around Rs 500-600. The most amazing feature of the phone is that it does not get heated. So be cool with the cool phone. 4.CAMERA :- At this price range the camera is the best. Remember one thing that no phone under 10k budget can compete with Samsung S Duos 2 ( which has a 5 MP camera) in respect of camera & video quality.{ I own a S Duos 2}. If u choose a phone only for camera quality, then u should buy S Duos 2. But one has to do many things besides photography. The 5 MP rear camera of the Canvas A1 is much better than phones like Intex, Htc, Lenovo, etc. The 2 MP front camera is just fantastic. Full HD video recording is awesome. The flash is nice but could have been better. 5.SOUND:- Sound is important because ultimately u are going to use to the phone as a ‘ phone to make call ’. You can clearly hear voice call. The back speaker is amazing and loud. 6.HEADPHONE: The headphone is not too good, not too bad. But surely the headphone is not like the cheap China phones or other brands like Xolo, Intex, Htc etc. U can smoothly enjoy music with the headphone. The sound of headphone is clear when u are calling in headset mode. However in respect of sound, build quality & look , no headphone can compete with Samsung at this price range. Note.... You can not skip the song ( i.e. playing next song) by pressing the button on headphone. The solution is there on Goole Play Store. Install the app “ Headset Control Center”. It perfectly does the job. 7.RAM/SPEED:- From the title (Duronto Express) of my review, u can understand how fast the phone is. I will give 200 marks out 100! No more words to say. Just fallen in love. 8.LED NOTIFICATION:- The LED light remains invisible beside the front camera. Normally it works only when a message comes to your phone & when the battery becomes full charged. But if you want to get notified from all fields and in different colours (normal colour of the LED is green), then u must download “LIGHT MANAGER” app from play store. It is awesome. 9.OPERATING SYSTEM:- Kitkat is smooth and fantastic. Moreover the phone can be updated to Android 5.0 (Lollipop), which is one of the best features of the phone. Lollipop is coming with a brand new experience. Just read the Lollipop reviews on websites and u will fall in love. 10.MISCELLANEOUS:- i) There is no pre-installed gallery app, file manager app & audio recorder app. So download them from the Play Store. ii) Use a flip cover because the rubberised back panel easily gets dirty. iii) Clean the screen at regular intervals with your handkerchief. iv)Use automatic mode in screen brightness. LET’S SUM UP:- 1.Camera.............. 4.1 out of 5 2.Battery................. 3.9 out of 5 3.Look..................... 4.4 out of 5 4.Performance............5 out of 5 5.RAM.......................10 out of 5 Overall, it is the phone at this price range for which I waited for a long time. I have ordered another one for my brother. Amazon’ service is beyond any questions. On the date of my order( 30th October ), Amazon had dispatched the item through Speed Post. It took 5 days to reach me as I live in a village. So, just go for it without any hesitation. Pls like my review if it is helpful. KAJAL GORAI faltuemail48@gmail.com
i read a lot of reviews about this phone......looked okay so ordered it for my dad...... i tested the phone and here it goes :: the phone came with a FREE 8 gb memory card and a SCREEN GUARD......i didn't expect that.....thanks a lot AMAZON...... immediately i tested the camera......i have a lumia 625 ( costs rs.16000 when launched) ......so i took photos with both these phones to compare........ the FLASH of micromax is better......brighter than that of my lumia....... it gives very clear image ....flash is good.... just dont keep the object too close...otherwise it will shine too much and wont be clear in image..... the FRONT camera is a FEAST to the eyes.........it is just too good to be in a rs. 6500 phone.....beats my lumia 625's front camera ....... BATTERY LIFE ....well my dad use it ....not too much internet used by him...so not clear about battery...but standby time is very impressive..... i mean he used the phone for calls..... still only 15-20 % battery dropped...... BATTERY LIFE WILL INCREASE AFTER ANDROID 5 UPDATE....waiting for it..... display is good.....THE PHONE IS FAST......SMOOTH LIKE BUTTER........no lag at all........the typing is also very good....not like those cheap phones..where it is hard to type..... TOUCH QUALITY is very nice....... just like a rs.12000 phone........SPEAKERS are loud......no problem or low sound while watching video........ CALL QUALITY is okay......can't tell exactly..because there are various factors that affect call quality other than the phone...... the phone will get android updates as soon as they come out till august 2016.....that is a very big plus point.....u will get android update before ur friends....u can tease them........ I SUGGEST that if u have a budget of rs. 4000 then please add 2500 more and buy this....i have checked all rs. 4000 phones and its better that u spend a little extra and buy this one....... THIS PHONE IS THE BEST UNDER RS. 10000.......BETTER THAN MOTO E.......oh...one more thing....the headphones that i got in the box.....are very good quality...i own rs. 1000 headphones...... i know what i am talking about.........DEFINITELY buy it......u won't regret it......it will surpass ur expectations
All the people seeing this please don't trust samsung they are useless pieces of boxes naming them as mobiles. Samsung is a korean company not a indian one come on everyone micromax is a indian company support our indian company thats all i can say about samsung they never give updates for their mobiles unless the latest one that have been released I have been using Micromax bolt before which I dont like that much after seeing the specs of this mobile I just loved it. OK now to the point I am writing this review after 45 of usage I compared this mobile with 1. Moto e 2. Redmi 1s 3. Spice uno 4. Karbonn sparkle v 5. Etc.. Etc.. I removed redmi from my list because of over heating problems (it was stated that it can be used as a 1. Iron box 2. To cook food 3. To boil water etc..) And it was not KitKat. Now to moto e Main comparison was 1. Removable battery in Micromax and inbuilt battery in moto e 2. Heard that moto customer service is very bad I did like Micromax customer service so I opted Micromax 3. Then comes the flash, front cam, blah blah blah 4.I had sure updates for 2 years but for moto they told they will give 1 sure update Some con's 1. Display is not that crisp when compared to moto e 2. It's lighter when compared to moto e and moto e is having better build quality therefore. About Spice and karbonn All have the same features but when it comes to brand it's only Micromax (I think Micromax is the second leading mobile company in India) and I heard that both the company didn't have a satisfactory customer service. So opted for a1 Now about the phone It is really a cool phone which never even hanged once from the date which I brought. U can play almost all games might hang a little when using very high end game. I played asphalt 8 airborne it worked superbly on high graphics. Just as told it has 2.1 gb left in 4 GB for storing apps. Now that it's os is directly from Google u should download the following the very first moment "it a file explorer" I suggest u to download es file explorer it is the best explorer till now. And I had one issue which was already told on another comment it is that "when I send apps to another mobile via Bluetooth it sends and when any other mobile sends me I can't receive it is for some kind of security reasons only" to send any app I heard that u have to change the format and send it-it's like 1. Open es file explorer in another mobile not a1 2. Back up some app 3. Now when u try to send that app via blue tooth to a1 it will show some error 4. to avoid it go and hold on the app and choose rename option 5. Note if it's "xmen.apk" change it to "xmen.jpeg" or some other format and send now it must send 6. After u reach it in your phone again rename it to "xmen.apk" and install and enjoy. There is also a notification led in the front Mostly it will blink only on green actually it can also blink in red go and download an app from playstore like "light manger" which can control u led. Do not involve in high end gaming often as the battery may dye out to "0" soon The camera is good even though it's only 5mp the pics are really great even the front cam is good I also suggest everyone to download a video player which will be very helpful As this glass is Corning gorilla glass I highly recommend everyone to bye a SCRATCH GUARD and a cover may be a flip cover I don't like a flip cover but even though it will decrease the risk in getting your screen from scratches as it cover the front while those plastic and silicon ones just cover the back. Hopefully I think this review might have helped you. Always support our Indian companies. I suggest everyone to go for it if it is within their budget. Cheers everyone....
First of all I would like to thank amazon for their prompt & hassle free service. Coming to the product, I got my Micromax Canvas A1 on Nov 3, 2014. This is a pretty decent & neat phone for the 6.5k price tag. Following are the things that I observed after using it for 3 days: [1] Build Quality - Good [2] Touch Performance - Simply awesome for this price tag [3] Audio Quality - Good [4] Video Performance - Played few HD videos & there was no lag. [5] Battery - Pretty good. After one full charge I could use the phone for 15-20 hrs. This includes the browsing over the wi-fi, playing games (Dead Trigger, Frontline Commando D Day) for around an hour or so. [6] GPS - For the first time the current location got locked in no time. However, on the second attempt it took few minutes to lock down the location. [7] Gaming Performance - Both Dead Trigger & Frontline Commando D Day were smooth. Did not find any lag while playing both the games. Graphics were good. [P.S. I had no other games installed in the phone] [8] Camera - Rear/Front camera does a decent job during daylight. However, it lets you down during low light conditions. The camera app crashed quite a few times. [9] Browsing experience so far is good. By default, you get Google chrome and runs smooth on the device. [10] Ear phones are the standard ones & the does a pretty decent job. [11] There's no default file explorer. Need to download one. Also, there is no gallery. It comes with Google photos. [12] There is no option to select external sd card as default write disk. If you are looking for a phone within 7k price, then definitely Micromax Canvas A1 is a pretty good buy. Also, you get system updates for 2 years.
First address the elephant in the room, this is a Rs 6500 phone so limit your expectations according to the that and to answer the real question "is it worth your hard earned money" a definite yes. Now let's tackle it by doing a pros and cons. PROS: the thing is fast, there is no lag what's so ever and 1 GB RAM( which is inefficient for number of higher end phones) is not a problem here I guess I have thank Google for that KitKat 4. 4. 4 update. Touch is awesome even better than samsung duos and likes of that. Guaranteed update to newest android for 2 years as promised by Google which I am sorry to say even the flagship mobile of Samsung, sony, micromax are not entitled. CONS: the cons I am mentioning are not considering the price range, for its price I cannot find a single con hence the five star review but generally speaking the camera both front and back are their just for the namesake, available memory on device for apps is only 2. 27 GB which I have exceeded in 2 weeks time so beware and lastly the thing that's gonna remind you that ur holding a 6500 phone is the screen, the viewing angles are great but the resolution is gonna haunt you especially in apps like Facebook messenger where you will clearly see the pixelation on your screen.
I bought two of the Canvas A1 on 18th September for my wife and Sister. Below is the review for me. 1. Got delivery on 19th Sept (1 day). So impressed as chosed normal delivery without any extra charge. :) 2. Screen quality average. :| 3. Battery standby time excellent, but when using the phone for internet or games, it reduces drastically. So not happy with the battery performances. :( 4. Faced sometimes issues with network lost as phone does not catches network or internet(GPRS) :) 5. Volumes are okay, not so great. :) 6. Camera is also okay. Decent pics in day light, but do not assume anything more than VGA standard in night :( Now is the comparision of the two A1 I have: :( :( :( :( - There is a difference in hardware quality of both the mobiles - Screen brightness on one of the mobile is on lower side even when same level of brightness is chosen - Flash brightness also differs on both the phones - Yesterday, while changing few settings, suddenly, my screen started blinking and it turned into pink screen. I have to reboot the phone to makeit normal. - On the same device, yesterday, I noticed that Volume Down button not functioning. So in summary, my one device has all the above problem listed. So I assume, for mass production of mobiles, quality of phones is not given care. Now, amazon peoples are refusing for refund as refund windows has expired. Will see if this issue can be solved by Micromax Service Center ( I have a very bad experience of MMX service center while dealing with them for Canvas HD 116) I would not recommend this product to anyone. I will recommend Samsung Galaxy Core which is just 2000 costly than this, but will surely filful all your basic needs without any issues. :( :( :( :(:( :( :( :(:( :( :( :(
Pretty phone for the price..I'm a pretty serious android enthusiast and this is my 3rd android device..the obvious attraction was guaranteed updates part for the next 2 years and that too at such a low price..these are the thing I have to say about the phone.. Design It is plain and minimalistic in design though it looks better than Redmi 1s, it is not as good as moto e or Asus zenfone 4.5..but don't get me wrong..it looks like a quality product..you won't feel it is a micromax device until you see the logo..I am fan of the onscreen button concept and so I like the fact it does not have a of screen capacitive touch button..the back panel is Matt finished and tends to get dirt fast..an issue I have with the build quality is that the camera bulge like metal thing is loosing its color..it is apparently of very poor quality..rest of the phone is in good shape.. Display A decent display..pixels are not visible easily..good for reading..and enough sun light visibility..actually the outdoor visibility is better than Redmi and Asus zenfone..but the quality of display is better on Redmi.. Camera It is an OK camera..definitely usable but kind of over exposed..it does get a few good shots..you can compare it to the mid range devices of the previous generation..here too Redmi wins..as it has a better camera and better low light sending capabilities..zenfone is also better than a1 in this aspect... OS and performance.. Of course the benchmarks might suggest that Redmi is way ahead of this device in performance.. But believe me there isn't a free app in the play store now, that doesn't work on this device..I've tried all intense free games..and also GTA San Andreas..all worked fine..and it had absolutely no heating issues..and battery performance during gaming was also very livable..for someone like me this alone suffices to make a phone a winner..pure clean and glitchless performance for 5850 rupees..the amount of free ram on a stock Redmi was around 350mbs while on a1 it was 500+ Mbs..after installing around 80+ apps I still have a decent amount of free ram of around 450+ always..that could be the result of good cache and ram management by the os..the true power of android unleashed by google..briliant work here by google..Redmi on the other hand force closes loses charge and heats up a lot because of its poor ram management, heavy ui and unnecessarily clocked up CPU..benchmarks rarely translate into real world performance if the is isn't optimized..this device clearly proves that.. Audio quality Well the audio quality was not that great..it is good enough for a passive music listener but for serious music headsit may not appeal all that much.. Definitely livable but could've been better..but call quality was good and had no echo issues or dropped calls..and the bundled headphones are good for phone calls but not for listening to music..in short this isn't a music phone.. Touch screen.. 10point touch panel from synaptic says the box..and yes it is 10point..I checked with multi touch.. And it great..better than both of my older so called premium devices Battery.. This is another important thing..Ive never received good battery performance from any of my previous phones..inspire of them them have large batteries and Qualcomm SOCs.. But this phone with its 1700mah battery gives me decent back up..the coolest thing is..it doesn't lose any charge when I leave it idle over night..it loses no charge..I find that astounding.. In all I would give this phone 5/5 for performance and ui.. 3/5 for the camera..4/5 for the display..3 for music..4/5 for battery..and 4.7/5 for value for money.. And I conclude..if you dont take too many photos and you aren't very particular about camera performance this is the best device out there for the price range..of not then you should buy Asus zenfone or Redmi..
This is my review based on nearly one weak use of this phone. Here are some pros and cons i found: PROS 1. Good looking specially from back side and that shinny metal circle around camera adds cherry on the cake. 2. UI is very good. No lags at all even if so many apps are opened in the background. 3. Headphone are surprising very good. 4. Notification light is also there. 5. Even though display is not high defination but it still it manages to preety sharp display. 6. Camera is quite decent there is nothing special to talk about that. Even though colors are preety bright in the images but there is detailing in the images and taking pics at night makes it worst. 7. Batter is upto the mark in this price range. CONS 1. Speaker output is very slow. Sometimes it is not even possible for me hear ringtone of the mobile if i am not in the room where the phone is. 2. There is no gallary. 3. Can not take pics without inserting memory card.
Display:You should believe that it is not an HD display. But the display is crisp and sharp you will love it. When you take very close look you will see pixelations. There is no gorilla glass but you will get screen guard. Camera:You can never get the better camera in this price range than this other than Redmi which ir very hard to get it.It is surely better than moto e. There is flash in back side and 2mp front facing camera for nice selfies in bright light.In night you wont like your camera much.There are many options in camera and easy to use. Build quality:Micromax done this part tidely. Same old boring design from front but when you lift your phone you can feel your best back of your phone its matte finish with disc camera. Software & Performance:Android one the name says it all you will not see hanging or slowness anywhere its stock android. The only thing I dont know I it doesnt accept any apk files from other phones and not opening it may be setting fault. Battery:Not very great and not bad in any means. Compact battery to take you through the day.
I received the phone on 22nd September. Amazon packing was great. The phone itself is wrapped in a sealed box labelled Android One. So far as the phone performance is concerned, it is great. To have a phone of this quality, butter smooth touch screen, front and back cameras at this price is incredible. Coming to basics, the camera works great - both front and rear. The email feature works very well. I have loaded my office POP3 email which is not gmail or hotmail or yahoomail. All the mailboxes work great and can be synchronized provided you have a data connection on. So far as battery is concerned, it is quite decent and lasted me a full day with moderate use with w-ifi turned on. I have battery doctor activated, so it saves more battery. I am not a great gamer, but I have seen some games work very well. Overall a great buy at this price. I am sure that this phone will be a game changer and giants like Samsung, HTC, Sony and Nokia will take a huge beating due to such wonderful features like Android Kitkat 4.4, 5MP back camera with flash and front camera, decent 4.5in screen available at this price. My take on this is- Go for it.
It was my first ever experience of shopping with Amazon and I must say it did live upto my expectation.Thanks for the prompt service provided by the seller via Fedex courier.Now coming to Phone review,I have just used it for a single day upto now and must say according to the review done by Igyaan it performed exactly the same way.Very happy with the hardware performance and built quality and the boosting done using Android 1 :) I was bit concerned about wifi connectivity after reading some reviews here , as few claimed they are facing issues with wifi connectivity and all but I didn't face any problem even I used it from a distance,it doesn't get disconnected.So,I feel it might be the problem with their wifi modem router.To get confirmed sit near to the router and check it,then it will be helpful to find out the truth,rather returning the product.Every single product goes through QC process so,even a small scale company will not make this type of manufacturing defect.I did also compared Micromax A1 with my another mobile 110Q only the 2mp Front camera and found out that A1 camera has got more Contrast.
I like the perfomance and speed of mobile, but some function like enable or disable second sim through mobile,you cannot delete more than one contact at a time you have to use third party software,you can not customize alarm tone with your choice you have to depend on given tone given by company, and one important i can not video call using 3g service, you have to depend on third party softare like line,skype through internet service, actually video call must through your 3g sim only.
5 star product rated 3 star by me. 5 to 7 star for google but 2 star for micromax thought process. Must provide best fit flipcover- best quality with product. When you launch new marketing idea like android one, excellent business punch- followed by weak delivery like, patient cured but still looks dull. Battery lasting 24 hrs should not be compromised. After highlighting grey areas, would like to upgrade rating from 3 to 5 to encourage google to focus India in digitalization process.
Great phone would have given 5 Star if lollipop update had been released. Great phone on performance , decent camera. Sadly the update of OS not released.
Main reason for buying this is for Google Updates. The promises made on the google updates as huge advantage, which proved to be false and very disappointed. Till date i didn't get update and when i wrote to Micromax i didn't get any proper response. Here is the response from micromax: From: "superfone" <service.superfone@micromaxinfo.com> Date: 29-Dec-2014 1:19 pm Subject: RE: Android one - lollipop update. To: "Satish V" <vasikarla.satish@gmail.com> Cc: Dear Satish, Like to inform you that currently there is no software available for OS upgradation for this model. You are requested to keep a check on our website :- www.micromaxinfo.com. For any further Assistance you can contact us on customer care number:18605008286 Assuring you with best of our services and we value your association with us. Thanks & Regards, Micromax Care!
Canvas A1 is a nice phone... Pros: +Decent look +Viewing angle is nice +Lollipop update is best +Processor working decently +Touch is smooth +Price is 4999 Cons: - Heating issue -Battery backup not so good -Networks are not working properly. Manytime all network bars are going blank -many time not detecting the sd card ***--- Every android onr device have one problem.. Can't receive via Bluetooth. But it can send.
Its the best phone I have ever seen in range of ₹6500. In fact its smooth and lag free. We may call it Mini Nexus. Go for this phone. Its worth buying. Also lollipop upgrade is available for this phone and 2 years google update which makes phone futureproof. So I would recommend you to buy this phone. Pros:- 2 years update, smooth performance, vanilla android, 1 gb ram, camera with autofocus plus flash. Cons:- battery only. But with minimum usage u can make it for 1.5 days.
First of all I brought this just because of Android One. Around 10 days of usage, here are my observations: * The build quality is good enough, the matte finish in the back helps holding/grip * The screen quality is crisp and clear * Its bit heavy - I am used Galaxy S3, so not sure how heavy it is * Battery has been great * Haven't yet tried voice calling, so no comments BUT there is an issue, for me its a major one. I get " could not be downloaded error (489) " whenever I try to update or install an app from Google Play Store. I have tried everything mentioned in various sites(http://forum.xda-developers.com/canvas-a1/help/play-store-error-489-canvas-a1-t2888035), nothing works. I still get this error when using WiFi. With Mobile data this doesn't even load. I am clueless, had so much faith in this Google initiative (Android One) and in Micromax. Disappointed!! What's my next step? Return back?? Amazon, please reply.
Very Good value for money phone. The screen is appropriately sized. Isnt as awesome as super amoled of my S3 but i used a screen guard so didnt matter anyways. Response time of the phone is good. Battery lasts 1 full day with Wifi and Bluetooth and Location Services always on and about 1-2 hours of talktime. Internal Memory is limited by it comes with a free 8GB Memory Card, so that is taken care of. Excited to get Android L-release update (hopefully by Nov)
Not a single flaw I've found in this phone over this cheap price tag...it has been 2 weeks since i hav bought it and no complain yet so far. *(wish i would have bought a back cover before i drop it on stairs so there would no scratch on the phone :'( :p )*. Performance is simply outstanding (currently over 85 apps are installed on my a1 and all run perfectly) but dont play heavy games while charging the phone else it will get a bit heated. THIS IS SOoooooo GOOD N I'M LOVING IT :) .
poor battery life ....... it drains within 7-8 hours after charging, when used on internet its touch is not so smooth, will disappoint while gaming. camera although its 5mp, but the quality of 5mp images is not justified one has to download file manager from third party no gallery option again its annoying, u need to download it from third party app. gud features.... in built office comes with the phone as its built in collaboration with Google.
For the price it is excellent one the apps quick Officw is very useful , further the space for emergency numbers , history and notes of the owner is most useful to senior citigens like me . In one ward it is so good that my 3 1/2 years old grand son and grand daughter (twins) like it very much. Always plays with different apps and game that are downloaded for them. In fact I have purchased two sets one for me and another a gift to my daughter at Kolkota. I liked it very much.
pros: delivery good within 3 days working good camera ok smooth and fast stock android features are nice jnr nexus cons: no gallery and filemanager battery backup 1 day only speaker sound is low has not got cashback,coupons and gift cards yet airtel has not given the offer yet there was a problem of sim not detecting at first then it resolved wifi direct is not working cannot customize notification LED
I received this phone today 2.30 pm.all features of this phone are awesome but it lacking one thng,you can not click photo without inserting sd card.
I brought this mobile on the 21st of sep and its a beaut(ofcourse for the price it was offered). So far so good. Everything is running smooth and easy without any lags or hangups. initially,though , google playstore has given me bit of a scare. it stopped updating my apps and also whenever i used to go to the store for an app to download, it wldnt download until i restart the mobile again. Now all is good and i am happy with it. yes, i would definetely recommend it to my friends.
Delay in receiving the phone.. had to call CS a couple of times . but finally got it. Thanks Amazon. good phone.. Worth the money.. looks good in white
Good phone which meets expectation for the price. The drawback is that the basic applications are not bundled with OS. Needs to be downloaded from store.
The phone overall performance is good.little disappointed with the camera. The quality of the pics is close to my old phone Nokia c5(3.5Mp). Apart from that rem everything is fine. The applications are working smoothly with out any lag. Yet to test the battery backup. Finally.. Handy, comfortable and good performance...the cam would be in the same manner in its competitor series of spice and karboon. So better go for micromax..you cannot expect more from a 6.5k phone
Awesome mobile in this price range 5800 after discount Dont wait and go for it Pros: Best material used Best audio system i ever seen..i have used all phone around 15000 to 30000 but this is the best.....and also in only 5800 Touch most sensitive like 25000 mobile Good and decent picture quality Cons: Slow charging around 2.15 takes to full charge No file explorer so that after reset difficulties No flipcover this is most worst
I have bought 3 of these phones from amazon n heres my review below Pros 1. Great value for money product. 2. Sturdy design 3. Android one is a great OS, touch is fluid and very responsive. 4. Back and front camera both are very good. (Noisy in low light) but this is a phone which gives decent capture. Cons Battery doesn't last even for a day with low phone usage. With high usage like gaming etc u ll need to charge atleast twice a day.
I was bit skeptical at first but I bought it only because of Google's name associated with it. After using it for more than 4 months now, I am more than happy with my decision. Pure Android experience, lag-free response, decent camera and battery lasting for one full day. I can't ask more than this @5999.
In my Opinion it is the best android phone in this range. Its performance is comparable to pure android mobile brand as Motorola, Sony, Samsung, LG etc.
Very awesome phone....really value for money....this phone has many advantagee such as this phone does not heat while playing heavy games on charging...played heavy games such as mc5,san andreas,gangstar vegas,nova 3 etc..without any lag...this is very surprising to me in this cost....if any want to buy a smartphone in range of 6k...i prescribed to buy this...the amazon gave a sd card of8 gigs free with this and the service is best than other....so i will gave it 5 stars.....
I don't know why people prefer Xiaomi & other Micromax mobiles which are not from Google. This Google device is an affordable Nexus. It beats other mobiles in terms of performance, even Moto G2 when it comes to playing 'dead trigger'. Can get all updates directly from Google. Awesome stock Google interface makes it all the more attractive. Moreover no storage problem, all apps can be moved to SD card without rooting the mobile. Very smooth touchscreen, as good as Sony & HTC.
I order my hand set on 19 oct & got it on 22 oct bast delivary ba amazon thnx bui i wii give it 4 stars because my airtel data pack (schem of 100 MB updation & 200 MB app download) is not activated bad response from airtel but hand set it a baap of all micromax hand set becouse it dose not lag for a second & thanks to micromax thay can understand the internal memory play a big roal in speed of mobile i love this hand set & thnx to amazon.in for good coustamer satesfaction
I still don't understand why people are going for those f****ng Chinese Xiaomi phones which are proved collecting user data. This phone is absolutely fantastic. User experience is just awesome. What else can you get for ₹5999? Quad core processor, 1gb Ram, 32gb expandable memory, latest OS and upgrades up to 2 years. I'm writing this review after using it for more than 2 months with no issues. Only issue I noticed is phone gets warm when on call and charging simultaneously, which is not recommended in fact. Also, this is not for those camera addicted people. You can still get decent photos in HDR mode. Front facing camera is good for video calling. Battery lasts easily for a day on moderate usage. Guys go for it. Don't think of negative reviews posted here. Not all phones will have issues. Just remember, even some iPhones from Apple have issues. If you face any issue, you always have 30 days replacement guarantee.
A good phone under this budget I am using this mobile since 5 months I am giving 4 stars because of these cons Cons: 1) battery performance is average.in normal usage battery is good , but for heavy usage battery don't last for longer period.U have to charge twice in heavy usage. 2)In low light photos are not up to the mark,but ok. All the other things work well in this mobile like multi tasking,gaming,etc The asphalt 8 game is very smooth
I have purchased this one as a gift for my dad. I have used this for a couple of days and seems to be one of the best budget smartphones released recently in the market with 2 years of android updates directly is a great deal. Battery performance and apps management are really good. Any one looking for a android smartphone under 6k with most of the features available in it, then please go for it. 5-stars for the shopping experience with Amazon and product delivered as well.
After using for 2 days the mobile started loosing network connectivity and SD card also. i had to switch off the mobile in order to get the network back in place. very irritating as u dont know whether the phone u have in your pocket is connected to the network or not. same thing with the memory card, whenever i use the camera i get the message " please insert the sd card " when it is already present. very disappointed with the android one phone...Hozefa Kakajiwala
Touch is smooth and reflexive. Updated to android lollipop via system update as soon as I got it. Just got it 3 hours ago. Will update the review later
Purchased this dual sim micromax canvas A1 one and half moth back For a given price its absolute value for money. The phone is preity fast compared to some expensive phone Camera phone works well in reasonable light but in dull light the quality suffers phone sound is preity good, loud and clear only drawback is battery life, with 3G/wifi on, the battery drain very fast. This phone comes with screen guard which was not mentioned in its description.
I bought it from eBay using it from a week , it is just awesome. Having faced some problem without using a memory card u can't click any photo ,but it is not a big issue as eveybody now have memory card. One thing i didnt like in its design was a circular metallic band in which camera is placed makes it look horrible the back .Overall at this price with android one, good processor,1gb ram,good screen,decent camera is very good. You just cant aspect more than this at price.
phone is okay. i've been using it for almost 20 days. battery runs off fast. the biggest problem i'm facing is that this set is not registering my Vodafone SIM while the same is operational on other handsets. i tried to contact micromax service care via phone and email and to my utter disappointment no response came through any of these media. now i'll have to visit it's service centre. rest of the features are fine, camera, sound, handling... it's a good phone to go for.
I received the Product on 8th day of booking. Micromax Canvas A1 is a nice product Only problem is with battery which dries faster. Other wise performance is far better when compared with price 6499/ (1000 cash back) with other similar products. games run smoothly. No problem even if multiple App running concurrently Camera performance is far better than what I expected. Slight heating is observed on continuous use Sound quality is good.
Mobile is real and working great....but at the time of purchasing, i saw some discount vouchers along with the product but still have not received it.
I ordered this phone on 11/7/2014 And i picked 2 day delivery But next day i got this phone so great experience with Amazon.in.Now coming to the phone,Its excellent as i expected buttery smooth performance,decent camera.Now i Cant say anything about the battery life yet since i got 5 hours back but i will update within a month.The phone heats a bit near the camera but its okay.Call quality is Great.Anyways go for this phone guys its better than moto e and asus Zenfone 4 updated battery life lasts for one day with medium usage only not bad even though my nokia 202 phone lasts 2 days.
Micromax A1 is an average mobile phone, its lower in quality than Moto E (we have both). Good points: camera is good, both front and back cameras can take good pics. performance is okay, screen resolutions is okay too. weak point are occasional hanging. screen goes black while a call comes, so attending a call become a trouble.battery is bad. it wont come a day if you are an above average user. overall jsut okay product for the money (bought it for 5.5K)
I am using this phone from 20 days. In this duration I never felt any lag or hang in processing. Processing is gr8. You can install as much apps as u want. I have installed around 95 apps but only 40% ram and 900 mb rom is in use. Display quality is much better. You can watch any good quality video. Camera is also good. This phone is completely value for money. You can't imagine such features in any other phone at this price. Definitely go for this.
It is a good phone but certain features are lacking. For example, I should be able to block a phone number but it does not give that option. Normally one can go in contacts and make a phone call but in thus phone this feature is a bit complicated. It should not be saving pix from whatsapp. Every time I go and end up deleting pix of WhatsApp which are videos most of the time. Smart phone is not all that smart. Most of us like to save pix from our emails or pix we click.
The phone me is great . But I am not able to avail my airtel free data download offers for six months bundled with this pack. Please someone help me.
Awesome cheap phone . I'm usin it since 3 month some usefull app have to install , mx player- video . led manager- for led notification ( phone consist of led near front camera , most of dem dono) .sony audio recorder - ( recording) . quickpic - gallery . share it - wifi sharing. Es explorer - file manager.clean manager- to customise phone. Play any game, video no hang best phone . some commented about dat der phone is nt detected in pc , ignore it its working fine
phone is gud.clearity of display superb.voice quality ok.not too loud not so down,battery stays for a day.wth med.use.i am also using sam grand.this a1 bit difficult in use.may be becos of kitkat version.but soon u will bcom habbitual.u need to dwnload ES file explorer fr play store th n only u cn see sd card files.camera quality at par wth 5mp camera.earlier to google launch similar specifacation was avail.in 12000.say core 2.gud job.product looks n finish gud..
I got the delivery on 17th of September. The service of Amazon is superb. After using for 1 and half month i can say it is a good mobile in this price range and i have played high graphics games which run without any lag.camera is good.battery life is moderate but i have problems in connectivity with other devices by Bluetooth.sometimes it work but sometimes it don't.it also have problem in connection with pc. But anyway its a super phone.just love it guys.go for it.
After reading a lot of reviews hailing it as the Nexus of the masses, I bought this phone on Amazon (dint find a price quote on any other e-commerce site). The phone is good for the price, with quick response and smooth touch. On the flip side, it hangs suddenly and would need restart to get it functioning again. The best part of buying the phone on Amazon is that, the phone comes along with Screen guard and a 8GB external memory card. Definitely a good purchase! :)
my first smartphone..battery i am not satisfied and after 1 months from purchasing date, amazon has not given their cash back as they have promised
First of all hats off to amazon delivery service,before I thought of purchasing this handset,I read lots of review,now finally I have the mobile in my hand,camera if not so fine,materials is not so durable, BT features like 1gb ram,quada core processor n Smooth touch screen makes one fine enough to purchase it,n that to up to 2yrs ur mobile will be new with upcoming OS what else could one expect in such minimum price,don't wait just go for it before it is sold out.
After using my phone for 2 andahalf monh i am writing this review. pro:stylish and sleek design. display is amazing ...good at tilting angle.. touch is also excellent camera quality is far far better than expected.. it is better than moto e.... cons:battery is not enough if u need it whole day sound quality is better but volume is low.... guys go for it ..its different than other micromax products...just like nexus....
worst phone i ever had...too much software prblms..it frequently hangs..week softwares to suppory system..sometimes wifi dint work..money wasted :(
I am new for the operation of Smart phones with touch screen. I took this to a friend of mine and got some familiarization. B4 buying this piece I had read several reviews which were both Encouraging and discouraging about its function. I finally decided to order one and take my luck. Well, it's rally worth the investment and only the thing is battery amperage is low. other wise it's ok for normal usage. Both front and back camera are functioning very well. I LIKED THIS PHONE AND ADVICE EVEN FOR BEGINNERS TO GO AHEAD. IT'S MORE FRIENDLY TO USE. Dr. DNR RAO
super duper phone GOOD THINGS - TORCH light its too bright TOUCH response is too fast MULTITASKING window works perfect EARPHONE given by company is awesome BAD THINGS - INTERNAL 4GB only BATTERY backup not so good MICRO sim function CAMERA due to its low budget phone so its ignorable ( I am professional photography student I don't use phone camera but you can still have some great pix zooming is disaster )
Descent phone for the price. I bought this for my parents. Their use is minimal to just calling, texting and a bit of browsing. The phone is fast with descent battery life. The camera is basic. Should be ok with good light conditions. My only problem with this phone is that it feels to slippery in the hand with rounded edges. If you are looking for a basic phone that pretty much gets the job done and always stay modern with the android one label go for it.
Front & Rear Cameras: good Performance : good. no evidence of lag or hang ups Screen : good. not a very high resolution. But good enough for games, videos and pictures touch: good touch response build quality : good.it is light. Feels plasticky. I have absolutely no complaints about this phone as of yet .... touch wood 6.5k for a big screen dual camera android phone is a great deal. I've installed a few games. All work very well.
Go for it guys.... Cannot expect more than this for the price they r offering... Ok Google is real fun, screen resolution should have been betrer, but as said cannot expect more for the price... It doesn't look and feel like cheap phone... Accessories r in class too... Battery is too early to comment but for now its OK... Rest all is awsome, no hanging , smooth process... Best phone I be bought after long time... 100% better than xiaomi or any other equivalent
Awesome phone! But worst delivery, got ten days after the estimate delivery date. The phone is awesome, comes with a led notification light that works fine. The phone does get hot while playing high end games. The only disadvantage is the battery life , I have to charge 2 times a day. But you can buy the battery of colours 2 , it will last for 1.5 days. issues on the phone. Camera is far better than any set at this price point. So I would say go for it!!!!!!!
Touchscreen is not working fine.When I connect my mobile to Laptop no button is working when I press on the touchscreen. And sometimes the icons and buttons on the screen gets pressed automatically and mobile behaves very strange.Any application gets started without user intervention. Like this Many times music player started playing on it's on without my intervention. Product which I got is very bad. I didn't expect a product like this from Amazon.
Excellent product for average phone user... Pros: * Stock Android. * Good Performance and response. * Best option at this budget. * Battery charging rate is excellent. ( not sure about others experience.) Cons: * Descent camera quality. * You'll definitely miss some items like gallery and file explorer.( but you can use third party apps.) * Screen resolutions is good but not best. Overall phone is good.
Nice product from Micromax. I would recommend it to anyone whose budget is less than 7000. In my opinion this phone is better than its competitors in this range. If you consider Shyaomi Redmi 1s, Lava, Moto E, Spice, Samsung in this range, this one is the clear winner. Whilte color looks amazing. Nice build quality. Dual Sim. Micro Sim. phone. Good display comfortable screen size. Light weight. Nice feel. Android 1. what else do you want in this price range.
I am using this Phone For almost a week! And I am going to say this a great phone in this price range! But one issue is Stopping me from giving this phone 5 Star as Its Battery backup is not so good! But other thing like Screen, camera, Smoothness really impressed me! Nice work Micromax! We expect this kind of service from you! And U didn't disappoint Us! Lets See what happens when my phone will be upgraded to Android L! Eagerly waiting for that day! :)
exclusively new one by amazon...got free memory card,screen guard along with this. got the phone on time.excellent packing..its totally an amazing phone that doesnt even loag on hang during performance. Nice display nice body (matte finished) nice headphone Audio quality is good OK Google works touch screen response is great 2gb internal memmory................*************official seller of amazon "cloud tail"
awsome i even think it will dose not have the led light for notification but this mobile stands on my expectation even ,more than expectation....
this phone is good in this price range. no any performance issues. everything is working properly. but battary backup is disappointing.
I bought this phone in September from amazon the service by amazon was amazing i got it within 18 hrs after order The phone is awesome go for it without thinking the best phone under 6K .i played games like modern combat5(1 gb or mor) NFS most wanted(2.2gb) asphalt 8 (1gb or more) without any lag all of them was installed at the same time Expecting lollipop update from goigle as they promised hope so plzzz google give us update and keep ur promise
The order consisted of 3 items - the phone (shipped by Amazon at 0.00 freight - 5 STARS), a Leather Phone Cover (a total and complete misrepresentation as it was not leather but Plastic - 0 STARS), and an Adhesive Film for the display where I was charged Rs 30.00 for shipping something (a flat envelope - 1 STAR). Lesson (learn't yet one more time): Do not buy anything on the web that you cannot see elsewhere, or do not understand the specs for.
PLEASE DONT BUY THIS PHONE IT IS A BAD PHONE.GO FOR LENOVO A6000 OR REDMI2 OR MOTO E2 .I BUY THIS PHONE AND BECOME A FOOL BY MICROMAX AND GOOGLE.ANDROID LOLLIPOP IS AVILABLE FROM 2 MONTHS AND NOW ANDROID 5.1 ALSO ARRIVED THEN WHEN WILL GET ANDROID 5.1 UPDATE TELL ME IN DEC 2015. I BUY THIS PHONE BCS OF ANDROID LOLLIPOP UPDATE AND I'M NOT GETTING THAT WE BETRAYED BY GOOGLE GOOGLE SAY'S WE WILL GIVE YOU THE LATEST UPDATE FOR 2 YEARS DON'T BELIVE GO SEE THE AD OR BOX OF MOBILE.I'LL WAIT ONLY THIS MONTH EITHER WISE I'LL SELL MY MOBILE ON OLX OR QUIKR .
too good performance for a micromax phone that too costing 6400.... pros:- peformance..superb..no lag or hang so far..games run nice and smooth sound quality is also decent cons:-rear camera is average ..but front camera is better.. battery isn't that good ..below average..last 5-6 hrs on continuous use buy the phone for its longevity and performance...won't give any troubles...and yes i got the coupons and free data as well..
All is fine with this phone but battery is very weak , After using it 2 months battery lasts only for 2-3 hours if use data + location services.
wifi problems..the wifi doesn't works on this phone properly while its working on all my other devices.Also its taking too muvh time to recharge
Best mobile for this price Range.... Pros: Excellent viewing angle display Nice video playback Audio quality is superb Latest version of android(update soon for android L) Stock Android experience No lag... always speedy Good Camera with Auto focus in this price range 720p recording and playback 1gb ram Cons: Plastic body look very cheap Showing error in Play store 1700mah battery
Value for money..... Some major points to consider - *quad core 1gb ram good to play most of the high end games *better than xiaomi and moto as you get update as soon they are released *its like DESI NEXUS *smooth performance *Google from the core *benchmarks in comparison to moto g 2nd gen NOW SOME DRAWBACKS - *mediocre Camera *average battery life but better than any other budget phone
It's an amazing phone. 4.5 screen is much handy. Video experience is awesome. I would suggest you to download VLC for the best video experience. Quad core processor is sonic fast. Net is faster(with UC browser). 5MP 'Google' cam gives you amazing picture quality. 2mp front cam is enough clear for selfie n video chat. The only lacking thing is audio quality. But at this price, it's acceptable. Go for it n soon you will get the latest android OS; lollipop.
very nice phone. it has all the features i wanted ,plus many more. Only battery fast drain is the issue but it depends on our use. also we have to keep in mind that its 1700mah battery. Camera is also good according to its capacity. Love android kitkat & google interface. now i am waiting for a higher version of android one from micromax with higher camera resolution and more battery power. Micromax is overtaking android market with its super cool price.
At this price its best for few thing: Camera, Touch above expectation Battery Good, Free airtel app Downloadfor 6 months (i benefited from it :) ) Free memory card and internal memory is also good. Less RAM consumption by kit-kat after all google h/w design specs, Move app to SD card feature not available in most of smart phones. eg: sony experia1/2/3 etc Fantastic built and comfort. Worh for price!!!
I bought two android one feature's phones of two different brands, one micromax android A1and other one is karbonn sparkle v blue. Both of phones are equally good, I found Sparkle V Blue, slightly better then Micromax android one phone because when we directly keep some data in my folder file (like songs , programs, photos and videos etc.) in memory card and use this in phone we can't access same in phone we have to down load thru play store and use it.
I bought this phone before 2 weeks and it works very fine.Recommended. Two things which are not showing up for me : 1) While my sim is in roaming , it doesn't show ( E or H ) or any symbol for network connectivity . But I am still connected to Internet and able to browse. When not it roaming , it shows the symbol correctly. 2) Dual sim option : I couldn't find an option to disable a sim out of two , when not in use.
Opened Item compared with nexus 5 looks similar but a bit weight,camera seems average lens and quality is medium should be high quality and little dim screen(low ppi) which is negligible by its price and performance is good Battery should be more, goes down fastly There is no filemanager and gallery, to be downloaded from Playstore Nice product for its price range.. Amazon is A++ Highly recommended Shipping and package are good
piece is handy....google done a good work....but lot of problems i have found with this phone...speaker quality is very poor ..even it will not ring most of the time..phone also hang when there is call from ahnother person.as soon as i found this problems i return this phone
Very bad phone never go with micromax battery backup very bad standby running only half days. always go with a good company like nokia, samsung
Got phone (in Rs. 4999) the next day after ordering [by paying Rs. 49 + extra] I got a 8GB memory card [surprise! yaae!] & a Screen guard free with it. Phone is excellent. Camera and Display is really good. The phone still comes with default Android OS as Kitkat, it will be great if it comes with Android L by default. I ordered this for my cousin, I will take his feedback to update this review about battery backup.
Smooth and fast is what comes to mind when using this phone. The Quad Core processor ensures smooth running and processing of open apps and the 1GB RAM, allows for simultaneous switching of applications. I bought this for my aunt and she is quite impressed with the performance and battery life (which is just about sufficient with heavy gaming being one of the main purposes). I rated it one star less as it does not handle 3D Gaming properly and lags.
Its an OK phone. There was a problem with the camera. Whenever I switched from front to back cam or vice versa, the phone hangs and camera stops working until a restart is done. Camera app does not work until the restart. Keeps showing "Cannot connect to camera". Got it repaired from the service center and it turned out that it was a chipset problem. Looks good after the service but disappointed that i received a defective piece.
Excellent phone. Very responsive as it is running the stock android. Its responsiveness is comaprable with my galaxy s4. Above average build quality. It would have been great if the screen resolution was bit better (nothing bad though). It will be very helpful for the customers if the scratch guard was factory installed instead of providing one in the box (i messed up during installation) Overall this is excellent phone in its class.
Phone is light weight slim It is fast thanks to budget chipset MTK 6582 with mali 400 gpu used to handle everything and should be a standard chipset at this price range Lot of sensors present 10 point multi touch Update by google Cons:- Due to competition in market they should provide HD display with corning gorilla glass, which other brands are providing in the same price range No secondary microphone
Phone is working fine for few days after purchase but now the battery is draining very fast. Battery is lasts only 2-3 hrs after full charge.
not very user friendly. No grouping of contacts. cannot send msg to log calls, cannot compose a msg first and then add receiver from contacts
I bought this phone 3 days before. I like this phone. + Points: 1)Blazing Speed 2)Clarity Screen 3)Google Suggested phone and software updation 4)Speaker and Mic are good qulaity 5)Wifi working as fast 6)3G Network also fast 7)Stylish and thin design - Points: 1) 1700mAh Charged Battery work only one day 2) Camera is average quality Overall a smartphone is 6.5k is good.
I got this phone in 4 days. Good delivery by Amazon but Flipkart normally delivers in 1-2 days. Phone technical features are good for initial users of smart phones. It meets expectations at fairly good price. Same specifications with Samsung are costlier phones. Only problem is phone sound seems little low as earpiece speaker is smaller one (against wider in Samsung). Rest everything is ok. So for all budget smart phone buyers, it is good choice.
The andorid one experience is amazing, like never before, pretty good. Though it has taken me time to learn quiet a few new things on the operating System. Been using idea 3G for close to 2yrs, (on a Nokia Symbian phone) But never knew the internet would work with such ease & faster on the moblie than on the desktop/systems (both@ office & Home). Hope the experience remains and improves as I am learning the nuances of andorid one.
Good Smartphone for this Price. Good but not Great !!! There are many small 'Cons'. Few to list are: 1) No Enter Key (to go to next line) while texting. 2) Its Dual SIM only for Calls. But Message can be done only from SIM1. No option to select/change dynamically 3) Camera looks from outside (back panel) is not good 4) landscape/portrait mode and vice-versa photos doesn't automatically fit/displayed in screen
Its a very good phone which has some flaws.I am listing only the shortcomings as the high points are known to everyone. Ok!So here it is: 1)The flash of the rear cam is not good enough so you get a lot of grains in night. 2)The device gets heated up on moderate to heavy use. 3)At 1700 mAh ,the phone hasn't got enough juice to last a whole day. Other than the above low points ,it is best in its segment.
Hey guys this phone have some awesome features and it's worth every bucks that I have spent on this and I am telling you that you get these feature from Sony at 15k nearly but trust me guys this phone doesn't even lags I'm using it for last three weeks and have no issues found yet but don't cut your regular sim instead go and convert that sim into micro Sim. From airtel it would cost of you around 25 rupees only. So don't cut the sim.
I used this phone for 1 week n it is absolutely amazing.The phone doesnt lags at all.It has all the features which we get in other phone range between 8k to 10k.The only problem is its battery is too weak.It drains down very qiuckly and also when i inserted an airtel simcard i m not getting the data offer.I have also not got the andoid L update till now but i hope it comes soon......but otherwise its a good phone on specifications!!!!!!!!!!!!
Definitely worth the money. The touch interface is smooth. Also, the Panoramic Photo taking capabilities are excellent. If you are using SBI Card you will get 10% cash back. But I'm still to get it. The front camera is not that excellent, as it's only 2 mpx. But the rear-end camera is taking good pictures in daylight. Night pictures are not that good. Also the battery is draining fast. Its only 1780 mAh. Internet usage with Airtel 3g is good.
Amazing performance! I had got my Xperia l a year back for 15k and trust me this phone performs better that without a doubt. The Quad Core handles several tasks at once easily. No lags or issues in a weeks use. The back of the phone feels and looks premium. The only place where it lags is the camera, but how much can we ask for a 6k rupees phone? :D It's great to see how great phones are Coming for such low prices. Thanks
amazing phone for everyone who wish to enter into android market. Smooth as butter, bright display, all built in google apps, and still less than 45% RAM used.. Which means more space to run a lot more applications. This is indeed a mini Nexus. Using it since a month and no problems. The phone does not heat up, nor has it crashed, hung etc... Not even a single time did i have to restart the phone due to technical glitches. Highly recomended.
I have ordered this mobile on 13th oct and got it on 15th with one day delivery option..but unfortunately the battery is defectice..it is swollen too much..so i called up at amzon customer care they said that they dont have a replacenent policy..instead of replacement they are giving full refund..the service is good but bcoz of the battery problem my mood gone.. :( :( But i tested the phone with the swollen battery..its worked just awesome..
Fantastic... You cant recognize that its a micromax mobile... Absolutely fast and has no lags... You get the updates by google.. and also it has the nexus launcher... that means vanilla Android... Camera is decent... You cant ask for anything more at this price... it can give a Rs 15000 phone a run for its money.... Only thing that battery could have been a bit better... but then guys wait for Android L battery will get better.... 5 Stars...
Previously I used Samsung galaxy s2 and its display got broken and so I purchased this Android one mobile instead of reparing s2. I doubt this mobile before purchasing but it shatter all those. This Mobile is really cool and awesome.. More than money product. Best work from Google and Micromax, thanks to them. Only small problem is Battery backup time.. I managed it using my solar power bank.. Gaming experience are really awesome.
1st of all i have to appreciate amazon work,they delivered this phone in a flash 6 days before of estimated time.hats offff gyes now come to the phone ,because of stock android the user experiance and interface become very smooth ....buttery feeling come when u using this phone ..........nice job by mmx this time .file explorer is missing but u can download it through google play ... overall its a worth phone in this price range..
Suberb phone!! Its small nexus!! Go for it!
Micromax android one needs to improve their battery back up.minor problems with call functions, also needs improvement in picture quality.
I have been using this mobile for the last one month. To put briefly, all the features are excellent. The micro SD card provided with the set works well but the speed dramatically increases with an upgrade. 1700 mAh Battery needs recharge every day with the backgrounds programmes running with the internet activated. Otherwise, battery back up is dependable. At this price, Micromax Canvas A1 with Android One is much beyond expectation.
Come on guys what u expect in 6.5k .....Its really nice phone ....its not like other micromax phone ...it is powered by google...and optimized by google...it has stock android which is very smooth...n will get update like naxes devices for 2 years...i was going to buy moto g...but i ordered this phone which has all i want like stock android,n updates...in such a good price...i nvr think to buy Redmi 1s bcoz of chines cmpny n dont hav any service center across 500 km near my place...
Please dony buy this phone,i bough this mobile at 26-12-2014.The battery backup sucks it only comes 4to5 hours.this 5mp back camera equal to 2mp camera.at 31-1_2015 this phones display started giving trouble,i went to micromax service centre and gave this mobile for service at 31-1-2015.till now i didn recieve my phone micromax service is sucks everybodys ****.so please note this mentaly before going to by from micromax mobiles.thank you!
A very good product..talking about amazon delivery so it took 4 days n also I would like to recommend amazon to improve packing quality of products which is of low grade. Now about phone Amazing...I got it in 5849 with offer which is very good as compare to features in phone...good sound quality, good battery backup lasts whole day easily.overall this is great deal..i would like to recommend this phone over redme which is not at all worth
This phone, is an absolute stunner. No one, me included, expected the kind of performance this phone is capable of giving. I've been using it for like a day now, and using it with both the SIM cards active and plenty of whatsapping, instagramming and calling, the phone has been able to give out more than 17 hours of battery in it's first day. Gotta admit, for it's first day, it's pretty good. The only two cons I seem to find are that the front cam could have used a bit more brightness, comparing to the Moto G's front cam, this is a bit dark. The other con being a highly surprising one, but there is no app like Gallery to view the Pictures and the Videos in the phone. I had to install a third party application for the same. But, to sum it up. At the price, it's an absolute stunner.
In spite of the fact that it has the potential to creat revolution in india's budget android phones market, its very disappointing to know that Android One device has failed to creat enough buzz in indian market. I am using micromax Canvas A1 for last one and a half months and I would say this the best android device available in this price point. I have used other android device made by micromax but i feel this is the best amongst them. Stock Android is buttery smooth, never felt any lag whatsoever. Decent battery backup, good music and web experience, game play is excellent too. Decent camera considering its price. what else do you expect? Fantastic phone, i am more than satisfied with it. No complains at all. Any one who has a budget under 10k just go for it blindly if you want to have a good android experience.
looking good said to be pure android and we feel the same , but small problems with volume adjustment touch in media , and touch is so sensitive which attends the call automatically when we try to take the mobile out from the pocket , this makes us feel uncomfortable sometimes , and headphones pop music out heavily which doesnot seems good and need to clear the mermory timely , battery was good enough not even better and not at all best
very nice phone but the only drawback is it's battery backup.ram management is nice and no heating issues.display looks like 720p display
Good value for money. Best small budget phone
DONT GO FOR THIS PHONE The 1 year warranty given by the OEM is like you dont have it.I gave the phone to micromax customercare which they will be keeping it with them for years and every time you call they will 1 more week . After 1 month they will say no spare parts and it will take further 45 days as it has to go to head office Instead of this go for Samsung / Nokia where they offer the best after sales service
Just as described. Most importantly no 'Samsung' lag. Also, uniform Google navigation and experience instead of custom experience of different manufacturers. So this Micromax Canvas A1 with Android One that I purchased for my father has the same UI as my Moto X. Good phone at low price for phone users with basic camera features, music, etc. Not for fancy users who try gaming and all kinds of apps on a smart phone.
Writing after 2 days. Phone is really good dosent hang it's very fluid and fast. Battery lasts more than 18 hours (with my wifi on). The only thing is the phone dosent come with an inbuilt file Explorer. I just downloaded it from the play store. Everything is super awesome. 6.5k is best for this device. Awesome phone it checks for updates every day that's the best part.... Fully satisfied! Good work micromax & Google
i AM NOT INTERESTED IN mICROMAX AS WITHIN 1 MONTH OF PURCHASING IT STARTED HANGING. i GAVE IT TO THEIR sERVICE CENTER. tHEY SAID mOTHER BOARD HAS GONE BAD. iT WILL TAKE MIN 1 MONTH. hOWEVER THEY GAVE IT AFTER 1 1/2 mONTHS. pERFORMANCE WAS NOT SATISFACTORY. i SOLD IT AT 30% OF THE PRICE i PURCHASED. sO i DO NOT RECOMMEND micromaX. iF YOU HAVE ANY MOBILE WITH aNDROID ONE BBY kARBON OR ANY OTHER GOOD MAKE ATAROUND rS. 6,000. lET ME KNOW.
Dear sir/mam, I bought a micromax canvas A1 phone on before 2 days and I am facing a big problem in this. Its Bluetooth is not working properly. it is unable to transfer any file via Bluetooth. And it is also unable to connect through USB cable with laptop and PC.I have tried all the things to get out of this problem but I couldn't. So this is my hardly request to change this phone or refund my money.. plz take any action hurry..
I liked the phone and it was great experience to use it. But today on 9th Octwithin 17 days of use its Camera is not connectingand folling message is coming Camera's Error Can't connect to the Camera. Pl let me know what should I do and to which store should I take it for rectification or should I send it back to Amazon and any other info which may help me in resolving this issue. Pl respond quickly. Thanks
I ordered the handset on New year eve and got it two days later... The phone works perfectly as it is supposed to work .... But only problem is that ... I can't download apps from play store .. So am downloading from.. other 3rd party apps... Like mobogenie.. . I know that it's a minor problem... But I tried factory resetting the phone.. and all other options ... Can u suggest me with a solution....
The Phone is really good, touch is fine, camera ok and quite fast. No lag issues. Battery could have been better and sometimes you tube fails to load. For a first timer, its a fine choice. However, neither state bank 10% cashback and the gift coupons that were part of the sale has never arrived in my mail. Also, no list of prize winners that were supposed to be announced has happened. Phone good, but promise on deals - not fulfilled.
While i am happy with its appearance and performance it is intriguing why its battery get drained so fast. After fully charging and without using also by next day its charge get reduced by about 20-30%. For a trial i had switched off the wi-Fi and then also same thing happened. Secondly all the photos stored in my laptop got loaded to the mobile,without my knowledge. I did not even connected the mobile,through the cord to my laptop.
Awful service by amazon . Product is good.
Hi, Its nice mobile to purchase @ low cost, good Design Display & Performance but i am getting poor battery backup
This is a nice mobile. Pay 5499 and get a amazing future loaded phone in your hand. Only one problem I am see, charge of the phone. Download and install du battery app and the charge level increase. Two cameras are nice,you are a selfie lover and you buy this phone. The performance of this phone is very fast. The selfie can is marvelous. Sound quality is very good.Look is nice. Net speed is good both 3g and 2g.I suggest this phone.
At this price range it is best choice.................Bang for Bucks It is going to get the LOLLIPOP update soon....so excited. Camera only average...that is what you would expect from a phone in this price range though. Screen Quality much better compared to other MMX phones. Sound OK Design Good RAM 1gb more than enough CPU great One the whole a good phone with all the features.
1) This is the best micromax mobile in low price smartphone market 2) It's design is simple and provides good grip to hold. 3)Regular updates will fascinate the user for almost 2 years. 4) This Is the cheapest phone to get Android. 5) Touch response is fast 6) This is a good stock android device. 7) Tts front camera (2 mp) is nice and even better than its rear camera pic are coming out clear and sharp.
in just 10 days hearing speaker has stopped working , i m retuning back.my friend had warned me to stay away from micromax why this company do not want to manufacture some good stuff? bakwas plastic quality also bakwas cover 100 ka maal 350 may? aare aab to jaago. uper se purposely sirf online not in open market . our local vender cant help us. just harrasment for online purchaser. uulluu banana chodo or aacha maal market me rakho.
The mobile is worth it's price, and thank god i din't buy a xaiomi (because of flopkart server glitches) The mobile is well built with adequate amount of hardware, the battery seems a little low as every night/evening i have to charge it. The mobile tends to heat a lot when playing games(like asphlat 8, dead trigger etc.). Now all depends on after sales services by Micromax for the upcoming updates, fingers crossed..
I received the mobile well before estimate time.....2days before. Overall features are excellent......Camera is of good quality. Also good speed due to 1GB RAM. Internal storage capacity is less...ok no issue with this price...can be increased by SD card. Smooth touch and operation. Sound quality is also good. Screen size great...!! Really it is excellent choice in this price range. Thanks to Micromax......
This is the best android phone u will get in this price.camera is very good.smooth touch.very fast because of 1 GB of ram.u will get approx 400-450 ram free every time inspire of running all apps.u can play almost every game.no lag for high graphic game like aspholt 8.only con can be it has 4 GB internal memory (2.27 GB u will get to install app).but in 6500 u can't expect more.u can move ur app to SD card to free internal memory.
I can say that this product is a complete value for money, I impressed by the touch, it's more smooth and swift And rest configuration like 1 GB RAM, 4G internal makes it Strong opponents of the other devices leads by the global Players, both cameras are cool, I guess it would be the best Among this range devices, and the last is for amazon Really appreciable they delivered it within 20 hrs, good job
Very amazing phone! Value for money! But, file manager is missing. Also you cannot set your own custom ringtone in it. Specs are promising. Hardware looks pretty solid, seems that it can run for 4-5 years in a normal usage condition. Heavy games like Asphalt 8:Airborne run with great smoothness thanks to it's 1 GB RAM and 1.3 Ghz Quad-Core processor. Get a File Manager app and I would myself give it 5 stars. Thank you!
Looks and feels good in the hand. It's fast, does not hang, camera clarity is good for both front and back. The only disadvantage is that the speaker is a bit small and when placed on a couch or bed, you literally cannot hear the phone ringing. Very good matte finish for it's back cover. It's also very attractive as people keep asking me what phone this is, when I use it. I would recommend this phone for a budget below Rs.10,000.
No batery very bad its dead in 2 hrs andriodone the worst phone i ever had .....battery backup is not gud . I had faith so i ordered online but my expectations are very bad after i opened the box the brand is brand like samsung,htc,nokia but not micromax the worst phone..its china its proved its origin. guys dont go for andriod one....specially micromax its worst company and waste after all .
the best phone at this price range,,,, camera clarity: is not great but good enough speed: very fast call quality: good comes with notification light below are few things one must know before buying this you have to install additional file manager app (eg. es file manager) to manage your storage as phone doesn't comes with file manager app phone has app called photos which is gallery actually 4 gb internal is sufficient as you can move app to sc. and few app which are not movable to sd will store their additional data on sd card only for example it will install whatsapp in internal but will save all database and media in sd card. even you can not click photos without sd card inserted to maximize the free space in internal memory all the apps you are getting in this phone are google, google play music as music player, google camera, google photoes as gallary, google quick office (editable). means not doubled apps by micromax by introducing his own apps. what happpens in general is you have to have google apps for music plus app provided by manufacturer.. in this phone no extra apps for same purpose, battery lasts 1 day very easily in general usage.. better than than redmi 1s interms of service and quality of hardware used i recommend to buy this phone instead of heating device redmi 1s. redmi 1s has about 70% negative review vs android one has 95% positive review go for it...
Except battery, phone is really fantastic. If anybody interested to buy this phone, keep in mind that you have to charge thrice a day.
It is one of the most amazing mobile under 7,000 INR. awesome battery backup, lasts for more than a day with 24 hrs Wi-Fi open !
Do not buy Micromax mobiles as after sales service is really pathetic. I have undergone a horrible experience and till date my dead mobile is with them without any response within gurantee period. Although phone looks good, but phones are not upto the mark and gives hell out of problem when in use. Do not go by the beautiful graphics advertisements and box cover of the models. You will surely regret for buying micromax products.
awesome phone till now as part of a precaution micromax has disabled sending of apk files through bluetooth,but nope its not a problem.but the battery perfomence is bad,u should charge the battery for atleast 4 hrs,but with dr batterry its good,i can play temple run oz(high),subway cairo,asphalt 8,...............wonderfull awesome i love it...thankgod.thank you amazon.the delivery too was good,i god it well packed by cloud tail.
The best Android phone by Micromax . performance wise the best. Shows Antutu benchmark of( 18950 in my mobile). I have purchased it last weak does not hang up . Battery performance is also good Best part if you check its made on benchmark it shows google not Micromax. It is worth a name for Jr. NEXUS many google APS are built in but file manager is needed to be downloaded. Overall worth to money . Money is invested not wasted.
A very OK Android phone. But for the pure Android version, Micromax sucks. Does not hand at all like Samsung phones. Awesome experience using the pure Android. The memory card slot refused to accept the 8 GB card that cam free with the handset and eventually broke. The AskMe app pre-installed on phone was really annoying, cannot remove it either so got to live with it. An average Micromax hadnset with awesome software.
Wifi problem Internet connection drops again and again even if the wifi is connect Have to switch off and on the Wifi of the phone
this mobil is very fast but its bettary is very law and amazon service is very long and he did not provide any facilities of cashback
Nice mobile from Micromax and android. Battery backup also decent can run for a day. And Specially at this price this is outstanding.
camera is not good as expected. processing speed is fast. asphalt 8 & fifa14 running smoothly with16gb class 4 memory card.
Phone gets really hot even after usage of 5 mins.cant talk on phone due to heating issues.Ear pains after taking on phone after 2mins
Excellent phone. Good for moderate use. Once every day it has to be charged. Best for this price. Not getting a good flip cover.
For me, my phone should give me good clarity picture, good sound, it should support most common vedio formats, more space for my favorite Apps like fb & watsapp, non stop battery back up me at least 20hrs a day, the most important thing I don't wish to invest huge in smart phones as technology is fast moving... All that I found in A1 is what I wanted.. A go getter..my 7 frnds bought dis and each 1 of us are happy..
The Product was Amazing at its Cost it delivers. You can see the Phone as a Mini Nexus, The Bootup time, App startup are exceptionally fast. The battery delivers a one day backup even with the Realtime Mobile data-on The Camera (both front and back) are Great, feeling some discomfort at darker atmospheres. Hinestly it provides Better performance than Moto-E and Asus Zenphone 4, Since i have used Both
A good budget phone with latest android ..what else would a middle class people could ask for.... yes it doesn't have file manager ..little draw back and photo s are shared by google + is also a draw back..if I want to quit from google + ..what happens is my photo gallery automatically gets deleted.,. battery doesn't even last whole day is also major negative point.... still a good low cost phn ..
truly great phone, the manual provided was also great. Been a nokia fan till date but this phone seems truly awesome, some flimsyness in the charger and SD card slots but overall phone seems good will need some time to confirm its durability.
This is a awsome phone for this price range.but the sd card which is free with this phone is class 4 it is a bit slow it would be better if it would be a class 6 one.awsome picture clarity good screen clarity. Camera good.but they also provided a notification light which has 3 different colours.overall good phone if u want to buy in this price range .the best phone in android one version better than karbonn a1 and spice a1.
The product was excellent first i purchased this phone for my friend, and now I brought this for my own use because of its features.
My micromax canvas A1 is not working some times,Wi-Fi problem is everyday,
Noticed issues while connecting to home Wi-Fi. Tried a lot (ensured credentials are correct etc) but still was not able to connect to home wi-fi. Screen glass and back cover not of good quality. Issue while downloading simple Whatsapp application from app store via cellular data network. Fully charged battery was left with only 25% at the end of day without much usage. Good thing is that it came with 8GB SD card for free.
Overall a good product but you can find a good product by spending 500 rs. Display Quality (resolution) & touchpad is not up to the mark as comparative with moto e. also all battery life is avg. one day maximum usage. Sound output is moderate. standby battery is 1.5 days to 2 days max. All other performance are good. Only advantage over other is software support/update from google.
The phone had a software problem from the beginning .because of this play store , ytube and some other application were not working.had to take it to the service centre and they ran the software again and corrected the problem.didn't expect that such athing would happen to a brand new phone.the other drawback is that the speaker is on the back side because of this the message alerts are hardly heard especially whatsapp.
Amazon deliver product before their time commitment. Really good service.. Now about Phone. Phone is superb. I played high graphic oriented games in it and they run smoothly. Just one problem is speaker but it can be avoided by headphones. Screen size is good enough to hold and play game for a long time. touch experience is also awesome. More then budget phone in fair budget. I surely recommend it over 10K to 13K phone.
If I just use net on this phone for 20 minutes (I mean simple Google surfing, E-paper reading,Watching videos,etc.,) this device (specifically at the portion close to the secondary camera ) become very hot. Battery performance is low. Camera is good. Play station is excellent Not able to download Apps from Wi-Fi Network. When you browsing on phone some of apps will open&close automatically One good thing from Amazon they can refund full amount to us if we not satisfied with any of product purchased from Amazon
Just v happy for its software only . nothing is good , there is no music player , bad camera , very poor quality loud speaker , music lovers don't buy this , battery is okay . but it's not good so much con's inside , think before buy...
The quality and smoothness at which this phone runs it too good. It is comparable to any phone within 10k. I played Asphalt8, subway surfer, temple run etc game. I couldn't found a single issue with that. There is no heting problem with this even after gaming. The internal space are more than sufficient for Apps. Camera in HDR is good. I even compared this with moto e. It felt better in speed, camera and response.
Genuine Review: 6500 with 10% cash back, 8 GB Memory Card n a good Screen Guard.... Worth Buying At this cost really satisfied with the phone, Touch is awesome n the audio, video clarity is High Class, smooth working 2.27 GB for Applications is highlight Camera both front n back is satisfactory at this price for normal users, not at the peak, same with battery backup, above average
Nice phone with this price..the only one disadvantage is Battery Backup. 22hr backup i get with full wifi connectivity. But it will not get like in Mobile internet. So if you are bother about backup,Rethink when decide to buy this phone. Camera is good not too good. Outdoor Shots are very good. Selfie also good. OS perfomance 9/10 IPS display 8/10 Battery 5/10 Gaming 7/10 Camera 6/10
So far going good. Might feel a bit lighter in your hand, but performance is good. I play games regularly without any issue. Internet access with wifi is quite fine. Battery does not last long if you play or use internet continuously. Voice quality is very good. Its android one phone so you get stock android and same user experience as with any other android based phone. Very good phone but not that good battery life.
hi humans, I think this gizmo is the best!! The Amazon's service is also very nice Acc. To my opinion you won't get these optimistic features at this price.... should really have to go for it..... thanks amazon ! really incredible phone ! with 2 years updation from Google :D This is what,, makes this phone fantastic !! really worthy of each penny :) #SuperRocxz
Starting with the bluid or outlook of the phone, trust me its beautiful, its one of the best from micromaxx Talking about the software, i think i have never worked on a android phone more stable than this. I have been using this phone extensively for last two days and it hadn't shown any sign of software lag or crash. As per the service from Amazon, i must say m impressed, i got my in just one and half day.
Its very awesome...... Some unknown people has given wrong information about this ...but it's very worth full... Really go for it
I was looking for a good android phone within the budget. Good that amazon took over to deal Micromax instead of Karbon or Spice. Android one the one which is close to stock version android will be the first popping feature in this device. Battery is just enormous for this device. I use this phone all day long and i listen to music and still get to use all day and half more day. A phone worth buying.
I like this phone according to budget point of view But con is if they used gorila 2 or 3 insted of present screen protection. And software update is very slow as its pure Google phone. Overall phone build quality is decent . processor mediatek 1.3 ghz works very buttary smoth. Gpu mali 400 works great while playing ashphalt 8 No lagging Camera is average Battary life is decent.
hi this is jaffar very happy with A1 its really a-one product from micromax rear camera 5 mp is awesome & 2mp front also good mainly Ram 1 GB for this price is fantastic & phone is also a good branded stylish look touch sensitivity , battery backup all features are woundering right price right mobile right way simply awesome cheap and best go & get right now from amazon...
Battery life is very poor less than 5 hour. Most of my time busy with charging the android one. I am not happy with this mobile.
After 1 week of use I can say that this is a junior NEXUS....perfect fon .... a little depressed with the battery performance...
I bought this wonderful phone from micromax on 24.9.2014. It is really a good device for its price. Overall performance is excellent, especially google maps are very useful for providing location, directions, and time to commute to different places. Battery needs recharging more frequently. overall a very good piece of equipment and worth possessing for senior citizens like me. I also recommend it to others.
Product is as per expectation.. I have gifted it to my dad and he is very happy with it.. It is his first android phone.. I'll suggest this phone to new comers in android world and also for those people who wants Google phone experience in less price.. The phone is smooth never got stuck till now .. I ordered it on 14th oct 2014 and got it on 16 oct. My dad has been using it. He is happy with its performance..!!
I could have given more stars but due to 1 minor software defect I have reduced the stars to 3. I checked d phone, all was good except the camera software due to which when turned d flash off it was not allowing me to turn it on. I corrected it myself by downloading the camera app from play store. phone is good for the cost it is offered but it should been sent after a check. Amazon lacks on this type of checks.
Micromax Canvas A1 is quite fast, reliable and boosts self-confidence .Only the camera and battery need slight improvement.My earlier phone Nokia 6600 had rendered faithful service to me for seven long years.With the arrival of my Canvas A1 28 days ago , a new vibrant phase in my life has begun . Arguably, it has the potential to add momentum and thereby transform the quality of living for the masses in India.
Awesome experience by having micromax canvas A1 , m truly satisfied with the phone as well as with the Amazon service. Thank u
Best for the price..... If you are expecting more so Pl see the price tag... It's a decent phone good built quality, decent camera clarity fine sound..... With a price of 6500 it's worth a buy.... Phone is optimised to serve you with all the power of its RAM and display with the light sensor works well in day light, one day of calling is fare with 1700 mah backup..... In all its worthy.. One can buy
Brought ph under 10% cash back offer... so its gud deal @5850. But hasen't receive cash in my acct yet. Its gud ph wid google baba ashirwad till 2 yrs n comes with 8gb free sd card (class 6) performence 4.5/5 screen 4/5 camera 3.5/5 (don t expect much in budget ph) battery 3/5 (bcoz its 1700 mah only) no heating issue front luk is not so apealing bt back feels classy...
Otherwise a nice handset but very very poor battery backup. Drops by 40% over overnight standby. Normal usage gives around 6-8 hrs. Lack of customization and optimization of ui in stock android and its really difficult to do some fairly easy tasks as putting the phone to silent or vibrate. Really need a stronger battery and also efficient management of battery from the system. Hope this is fixed in android L.
it is a great product for low budget requirement. it works fast and touch is also promising. it is also light weight. i bought it for my mom. i really impressed by the back cover which look like a protective cover and Matt rubber elegant finish. it does not look ordinary. i just here about one cons and seen visibly myself that it does not import Sims contacts by menu option. Till now i am satisfied.
4out of 5 . Overol happy camera is not gr8 bt good in day tym. Good looks and easy 2 use even wid 1 hand . good touch and screen.in ths budget excellent ... Processor in jst awsum no lag till date evn with 10 app running(prsnl exprnce) Battry is a weak point ...not tht mch gr8 bttry backup avrg or jst below avg Google apps run vry smmothly in comp 2 any other phn .. Go for it . .
My first impression is: 1) It does not look like a Tier 2 company's device, generally we see with Micromax and Karbonn. Handholding with google has shown the difference. Nice look. 2) First hand performance is good. Felt some heat but can't say it has some issue. It might be because I had put the device on charge. 3. Good to get 8 GB SD card + screen protector 4. Best thing - Uncustomised original Google Android 4.4.4 which will receive the security and firmware updates on priority. 5. Value for money. Problem: When I registered the device with my Google ID, could not find an option to claim the free 35 GB Drive space. Can any one help on this please?
Best phone in low range... Has almost all features which are sufficient. Camera quality (5MP) is good... Has LED notification.... Its a 3G handset... Screen and its resolution is good... Works on KitKat 4.4.4... In short... Covers up almost all average specs in Rs.6499... And Amazon product delivery was fast... Thumbs up for both Amazon and Micromax...
Well got a faulty piece. Inserted sim card but my phone was not able to detect it. Initially thought it was the sim-card issue but later on realized it is because of a faulty piece...really disappointed. I think i'm the only user here to have the issue. searched internet of any such incidents but failed to find one. Ihave returned the item will order a different piece. I hope to get a perfect unit this time.
I brought it on republic day offer for Rs.4999, so was a good deal in that terms. However delivery took unusually 7 days..!!! The phone (white variant) is good, and have not had any issue so far (after 4th day usage). The back panel is a very low quality plastic and both cameras deliver relatively low quality pictures. Inspite, I am happy with the overall package. Good value for money spent.
Its an amazing product from Micromax . This is a good feature rich smartphone for this price range. Good reproduction of colors from the display but the lagging point is, it doesn't have the cornering gorilla glass which is seen in Moto E of the same price tag. This doesn't matter me a lot. I am completely happy for what they have offered in this price range and I am eagerly waiting for the Lollipop Update.
Awesome phone @ 6499 with so many offers. Has been using this since 24th Sept and no challanges seen. However, very disappointed with in house delivery by Amazon after 15-20 calls for delivery issue. 4 Star rating given as 1 deducted for Amazon... MMX.. keep up the good work and add Magnetic Compass (if possible for better google MAP usage). Thanks team
this phone has lots of cons.the interface is not user friendly, explorer is not available is have to install third party app, camera is an average. speaker is not loud. 3G indication is not available, i doubt it support. recording app is not available cannot transfer the other type of file, except MP3 and images OVERALL IT IS Sluggish pls think twice before buying this...
its good and as per my need i am looking for a good android phone for my daily use and entertainment and i find all the stuff in this mobile phone i am experiencing a good gaming as well as other communicating experience and till now its good and up to the mark. even battery backup is also good and i am not experiencing any of hanging problems in it.its cheap and best product i want every one to go for it.
For the price, its a very good buy. Very smooth to use. Feels good to handle the phone. Good make and design. Very light. Quick response. Battery life good if you r an average user, lasts an entire day. Good of amazon to club in a screen gaurd and memory card. I'm quite enjoying the phone I've been using it for 2 weeks now, no complaints at all. I'm waiting eagerly for the android Lolipop update to arrive.
Its awesome under 10K segment. (1)-Though it don't have gallery, Google photo is playing brilliantly it's role as gallery.(2)- It lacks file manager. Everything except above two is best in class under 10K segments. # camera won't work without external SD card. # It's quite lightweight. With amazing beautiful curved look. # battery backup is quite good. U can be sure of lasting it for whole day with normal usage. # games like temple run, subway surfers, etc. r running quite smoothly. High end games like Asphalt 8, is also running smoothly. # front camera video recording is 1280*720 pixels HD. # rear cameda video recording is 1920*1080 pixels HD. # led flash light is awesome.
Not bad at all at this price where you have very limited usage but require an android phone. The delivery time was also good.
The best budget phone till now. I don't think you can buy a phone in the market in this price range which has as many features as this one and this phone also has a lot of sensors too and it beats moto e , moto e doesn't have a gyro so no photosphere which is a cool feature to have.Thank you Google. Amazon said that it will send coupons worth rupees 2000 through mail but I still haven't received them yet.
Got the delivery of the Maicromax Android One, the very next day in Delhi. Good phone in the budget range. Tried putting the Scratch Guard supplied with the phone, but the air bubbles crept in. May be the quality of the supplied dust cover or my workmanship. So has to spend on a fresh screen guard. No hardware malfunction observed, so yet to see the Micromax after sales service. Overall a good experience.
Android one is a wonderful project and I'm amazed at the power this device packs for the price it costs. The screen is good. Gorilla glass would have been better but again, for the cost this is best in class. The battery lasts almost a full day with moderate usage. The UI is the same as moto series and I like it so all in all, very satisfied with the buy. Thanks to amazon for delivery before the due date.
It's my first experience to the Smart Phone, and i like it very much. It has all sensors, which is not mentioned anywhere even in Micromax website, so its good. Quad code processor works very well, didn't get hanged. Camera quality is good. Battery is OK. Screen is good, resolution also good. Its Paisa vasool mobile! Best Mobile in this budget. Thanks
its too gud....micromax is the best rising company in the india...so dont thought to time of buy micromax phones...specially micromax a1...its cheap & best phone to my view... its only two problem...----- when the mob is swicth off(reason battery low) then more time take to swth on... & 2nd is when we connect with usb on pc then its not charge it shows charge bt actually its discharge...
At 4999 its worth every penny. Also I got a screen guard and a 8 GB SD card,Via lighting deal. I was planning for it but was not sure, as micromax is not known to be a big brand. I was planning to buy moto g series phone again but this lightning deal made my mind and I gave a chance to micromax this time.A one year warranty and two years of continuous updates. What else one needs more from a 4999 phone.
Very Good...U get the best hardware and software with this price....that to Android L upgrade guaranteed....what else needed
Amazing product at Amazing price. This device works smoothly, the user interface is smooth, application installation is quick and easy. Overall this device gives the best experience for this price range. The display is not so crisp, but a decent one. This device also has a Notification LED. Buy this is you want a Simple, efficient, Low Cost and Value for Money Android Device.
I am a real Micromax fan and bought this mobile for my mother.The mobile is just is awesome has stunning looks.grat camera clearity.preety good battery backup.best ever google all apps pre installed.a indian brand like micromax and to its addition guranteed two years android update free.1 gb ram what more does one want in such price but think twice as for a more low budget u can go for Canvas Fire A093
Thank you amazon for the prompt delivery and nice packaging. I am big a fan of Micromax for their Canvas Series of smart phones. I recommends all my friends to go for Canvas after having used my Canvas 4. About Canvas A1: Good product at this price. Blazingly fast performance with Quad Core and 1GB Ram. Camera is good. Only cons is it looks little cheap. Otherwise a must buy for an average smart phone.
This phone is excellent in all its capabilities....... 1. Delivery was superb. 2. Good built quality,excellent performance with Nice Design at dis price. 3. Camera is decent. 2 MP Front cam will not disappoint u. 4. We can move third Party app to memory card. 5. Supports 1080p videos by using MX player flawlessly 6. It would be more good if battery is more then 2000 mAh..
The 2 day guaranteed delivery by Amazon was amazing. The phone has good looks with great performance. The touch is responsive and speakerphone has ample volume to listen to music. The back and home buttons should have been on the body instead of touch screen which is bit disappointing. Front camera quality is also average. Battery back up drains full speed on certain apps. Overall value for money !!
Micromax Canvas A1 is a good, fast & a reliable phone, i didn't expect it to be so fast & smooth, but this phone rocks... Display, Sound, Handling Apps speed, Camera is good...This ph just has 1 disadvantage i.e- the battery, battery drains off quickly. Also due to the memory card supplied with this phone, makes this phone a bit slow. but for this price this phone is a paisa vasool ph.
1. Beautiful bright screen 2. 1GB RAM 3. Free 8GB Memory Card (Upto 32GB) 4. User replaceable battery 5. Dual GSM (micro)SIM 6. 3G 7. Auto-focus rear camera with flash 8. Front camera 9. Free scratch-guard in the pack ... do I need to say anymore? And all this for 6499??? And that also I got 10% cashback for CitiBank Card I can't believe this....
i can only say its a masterpiece from micromax in collaboration with google. it will be the first device to get android L update which i am eagerly waiting for. the only issue is its 1700mah battery which i had resolved by buying PNY BE-520 5200mAH Power Bank (White). camera is very good quality. no lags at all as i am hardcore gamer. loudspeaker sound is very loud and clear.
Amazing...I purchased Micromax Canvas few days after it's launch and believe me it turned out to be the best online purchase. It really looks like a Jr.Nexus to me, good job Micromax!With decent looks and fantastic specifications this phone is rocking. I have already recommended this phone to my friends. Kudos! to amazon for delivering it on time and for the fee gifts!;) Cheers!
totally satisfied all featured as per our requirement and fulfilled our expectation but battery life is quite disappointing
Micromax canvas A1 is good phone in this price ambit.I got it by spending 4500 INR only. U cannot expect any other phone with latest andoid version i.e lolipopin this price range. Feature is good also. Battery has been improved after getting lolipop update a little bit. TOUCH is fluid.No lag has been found after using 5 days with available memory of less than 1 GB.. overall good experience.....
it's my first time that i bought mobile online through amazon, great experience for me, and the mobile phone i purchase is trully ausome in it's price range works fine, everything seems fine only the battery performance is not upto expectations but that is not a big problem it's quite normal in smart phones so anyone looking for a phone in between 6-8k range this is the best one till now, loving it.
Battery life is really less and connecting to WiFi network and USB tethering is a big headeque, sometimes I need to restart the mob----- apart from that it is a nice mob and I don't want to exchange it, looking for the solutions of these problems. Plz buy flip cover only from local micromax store by checking the fitting even if it is Rs 300 because from online you will not get the proper fitting.
Its superb experience at such a low cost. Good display. Volume is not bad. No heating. Those complaining about network, make your setting on 2g. It will give you full network. And will not heat. While using bluetooth pair it from your hanset. It will work. Battery is not a issue you can not expect more from 1700mah. But it runs whole day at moderate use. Go for it. PAISAA WASUL HO JAYEGA.....
the built of the phone is not so good. If u have used Nokia, Samsung or Sony etc you will not like the the physical appearance of the phone. How ever the software runs smoothly and the display is good. My phone started having problem with signal reception after few days of use. have to take it to service center. Service centers are not many in Kolkata, only a few. I am confused now.
I didn't get the lollipop update yet.. So disappointed. .. Other wise it is a good phone. Its internal memory is read only
Product good but amazon is not giving cashback which was promised in the diwali dhamaka for HDFC debit/credit card holders
The mobile completely serves its purpose with the limited budget that one has to do away with for this one. Yes Micromax Canvas A1 has it setbacks, like the camera which does not look like a 5mp camera and 3G is slow compared to other phones. But apart from that Canvas A1 is one of the best phone at this range. Would recommend people who have a low budget to buy this phone and give it a try.
i could have rated it 5 but 4 is enough because although people say that the camera is good but believe me the camera is not that good if i would have given no out of 10 to it then 7 is more than enough for it...., not meeting the expectations i made by reading people's reviews about this smartphone.. OVERALL A SMARTPHONE AT THIS PRICE SATISFIES ME ENOUGH and remember micromax is micromax :p
Best product in this price range.....
I got micromax canvas a1 last month ago ,performance of phone was good rather than camera quality and battery but finaly fone was good as in rate price compare to other fone at that price,...so i suggest good product for middle class person who are want to smart phone.......i irequet also to google to please update latest version of androd -L for better performance and battery saving..Thank You
I was sceptical about Micromax products before bying this. I aam very much satisfied after using this. No big issues at this price. Although the same mobile became available at much lower prices. But this is fact to be acceted. For ordinary users the moble is a great device. Good design and latest softwares are available. Quodos for Amazon.in for their prompt delivery and good packaging. .
I want to give a honest review I am a HTC user for 3 years and now I recently buied this canvas a1and this phone has awesome features at a very less price no lags no problem everything is working fine and I would say best mobile of 2014 and its a google product with the name of different companies selling it and at last u can buy it without any hesitation just go for it and u will love this phn
For Buying: 1. fast and responsive touch screen and software. 2. wifi is pretty fast. 3. can play some games like empires, etc. no lagging. 4. light weight. 5. amazing looks. 6. No heating issues. 7. battery on one charge, lasted the day with constant use of wifi, wats app, games, email, etc. 8. stock android is amazing. Against Buying: 1. usb cable supplied doesn't fit the phone. am using an old cable i have. 2. camera is so-so in daylight. doesn't work at night. 3. led has a grenish tinge. 4. opening of the back cover is a pain. 5. micro sim. getting a micro sim and making it activated is a pain.
A perfect phone if you are starting off with Android. Analysis on the basis of a normal user not a geek. Pros: - Good battery life - Very nice look and smooth UI - 2 Years guaranteed update - No lags, vanilla android - Good Camera - Good sound of speakers ( using poweramp ) Cons - Nothing, with this price, buy it with the blind eyes
Android one is nice cell,,,,coj this is manufactur by Google,,,,and thes price,,its awesome phone,,,,, camra quality is good,,,n sufficient,,, but battery is poor,,,,,and playing with game ashfalt 8 ,,,,, ganrat heating problem,,,,,, but phone is awesome in this rang,,,,,,,its my 1st android phone and my experience is good,,,,,,,,it similar to moto g,,,,,,,so go to purchased these phone,,,,,,,
its a awesome mobile with very good features, light weight give very good battery backup. In that price range it offers the best feature with a 4.5" screen, camera performance is good the falsh is very very good and stong another good fact in this phone ram usage is very low os loaded and a couple of apps its only taking 400 mbs of ram. Highly recommend others. Good phone..
dear amazon, i know outside india you are a very big company but if u really want to dominate indian online shopping world thn u need to improve your service. u must provide ur products in every location. provide your products with best quality and huge discounts. if u do these things then i promise u will be king of indian shopping world. all the very best. i hope u will mind my review.
phone good but sound is low, at travelling difficult to hear call . I don't know why macro-max not providing us pc suit for work on computer like to save sms,phone memory ,call memory by phone . this facilities are very good in Nokia phones .When i went & asked macro-max borivali west center they didn't help me. i have also macro-max x329 phone in which sms save and other facilities is good.
Better than unie 2 and Motorola in same price range Never hangs Good thing is that Google is providing it's Google L update Good camera very good screen visibility in sunlight Memory is good battery backup is good Comes with 8gb memory cards which was free IF YOU ARE COMPARING IT WITH OTHER ANDROID ONE DEVICES THAN GO FOR MICROMAX RATHER THAN KARBON OR SPICE
You will not get any other mobile with KitKat 4.4.4 in 6500 The only problem is that the battery doesn't lasts long
while sending messages the option sim 1 or sim2 is not being displayed the messages are not going I want its remidy
THE MOBILE FOR GIVEN PRICE IS EXCELLENT EXCEPT IT BATTERY WHICH LASTS FOR 4/5 HOURS ONLY ON FULL USE. YOU CAN GO FOR IT.
This is worst mobile phone I have ever seen. PLEASE DO NOT BUY IT. It stopped working in 10 days and later Service centre have not returned the phone in last 2 months. They just keep saying its gone for Part replacement!! Very disgraceful and I really petty on myself to buy this phone considering the fact Google itself is advertising. Micromax s**ks
. Excellent display . Slim and handy phone. very good speed. smooth working. Battery is not draining that fast., it lasts long. Both cameras are good, except in low light light conditions. Two minor drawbacks , No file manager ( you have to download) SD card is needed for taking photos (I wonder) But I like the phone and Amazon delivery very much.
Great phone with great specs and performance. Plus it is affordable. I would recommend it to first time Android buyers.
I have received the product within 2 days of my order. With my experience Android one smartphone is worth the price and I am loving it. One drawback is the volume is little low, but can be managed using earphones. It is worth the price. Kudos to Google and Micromax. Overall it is awesome and guys if you are looking for a smartphone with affordable price and good quality, just go for it :)
Camera will not work without SD card
Bad phone , worst Amazon service After a delay of 7 days, 10 failed promises by Amazon to deliver it 'the next day', 3 unanswered emails the phone finally arrived. Day 1: all worked fine Day 2: Camera started giving trouble, kept saying 'Camera is busy' Day 3: stopped detecting wifi. Day 4: Called Amazon to return the product. Day 5: Returned it.
A value for money phone I have Samsung Galaxy core which cost me about 13000 but this phone is much better than galaxy core in performace I compare both phone and I found this much smooth and good quality but it lack some basic feature like preloaded file manager and gallery but it's OK u can download it from app store On this price range it is a superb phone Good work micromax

Very poor Phone., Internet is the problem like there is one option for 3G and 2G but when we connected to 3G also it is shifting to 2G and finally no connection. And there is no option to save your photos,videos in phone memory. So you have to in built your memory card before taking any picture. I suggest not to take this phone by seeing just ad. Please go through everything before buy.
Power button stopped working before one month from purchase. It works sometimes and sometimes it does not. Also, initially I used an ordinary SIM card that was cut using a cutter in a local shop. However, after some time the phone stopped working similar to what happened to another customer whose review appeared here. Hence, I tried the solution attempted by the reviewer by changing my SIM to a micro SIM at the airtel store. Now the phone works but, the power button does not respond. I have to plug it into a power source or remove and insert the battery to switch the screen on.
I am writing this review,from my new canvas A1. very satisfied with its performance. It has a very good quality touch interface. Good quality sound. A more than average camera. With only one fault. U have to insert a micro SD card to take pictures or to store something (A micro SD card has been provided by mmx). Much faster device beyond my expectations. A highly recommend product.
good phone have to be honest it is delivered a little late but there is a pros in hindi that sabar ka fal mitha hota he and that it right it has a good camera 2.4 gb internal memory smooth processor android 4.4.4 kitka just 3 problem it donot have a loudspeaker and the battery is just 1700mah u hv to replace it for more and it has no available flip cover all other things are first class
Simply superbe... With this price range you get all the features and the speed of this phone is awesome... Liked it...
It's I good phone compare to moto e. Really go for it. But the problem is the battery caoacity . and in between when I about to use any application it displays the messages that android processor has stopped working. Because of this the application crash down. And its not supporting any of the head phones I tried. Just like skull candy, Sony, nokia. But the features are really too good
pros-nice and very nice quality phone .. im very much happy with its good quality back cover, Camera, and android one components.. looks are good.. processor is good. cons -no gallery images have to be stored to google may b a privacy issue with those using it. bottom black frame is excess no use although back and menu touch is inbuild in the screen not on frame.
I got this phone 15 days ago and really happy because it is really very very good product from Google and I think there Android One project get successful. The features of the phones are really great and it doesn't lag.Camera quality is soooo good and it's flash is decent. The notification LED light is very helpfull. If you want the budget great Android phone then get it now.
Camera is good in some condition not always.The best part is rubber grip on backside.Apps perform perfectly that r preinstalled. The problem i see if i need to add a app that have already with me ,i have an apk for it it donot accept apk file even after selecting unknown sources option in setting through bluetooth . Hope anyone find solution this problem or tell me how to solve it
Hi I purchased this phone on 19th September and received it on 25th September. I think @ ₹6499 it is the best phone I had seen Nokia windows phones also those phones are ok but cost is very high but with this phone you can have those phones feel but at very low cost. I think any body with low budget can buy this phone. I found camera, phone memory, speed and net access is all are good.
So far so good. I bought this for my father who is for the first time going to use touch screen. Quite user friendly and works well with most of the application. Yet to see the lag and slowness in any application. Going good. Not for all business purpose. Camera quality is not at all good just like other micromax products. Do not go on pixel no. Screen color resolution is good though.
Phone is good in terms of functioning. If you have used phones like sony, you will be stuck with no options for personalization / organizing the apps in your order of preference. There is no proper app for viewing photos and organizing them. Every app is somehow linked to your google account like G+ or gmail. Lot of technical glitches not understandable for a non-techie guy.
The smartphone qualities are all there but the sound seems weak. The people i speak to cannot hear me well sometimes.
It is very good & easy to operate. If at all there is a concern that is frequent battery charging. Otherwise i won't hesitate to recommend Micromax canvass A I to any of the prospective buyers. To cap it all , I am very pleased with the professional way with which Amazon has executed my order. May people of such tribe as Amazon increase.
Canvas a1 is an awesome phone. It promises great android experience. I have used for a day and found that it is fast and smooth. Camera is also good at this price. Android l update is why I bought this. I think it's better than my xolo q700. The free 8gb memory card adds to the joy. But I do not know where are the amazon coupons in the delivery box.
The speaker of the phone has stopped working within just 8 days of use. Micromax service centres either are not answering the phone or their numbers are incorrect and not updated on the site. This means I have to go to these service centres (their work time also is unknown) and try my luck. At my age of 67, it is very difficult. Disappointed with Micromax so far at least.
It is OKAY as the price & features comes wid this phone are good. I found a hardware problem i.e. in sim slot, it doesn't shows any connection to network. I got this phone yesterday delivered by amazon, delivery was good :) but phone quality is cheap.. I was excited to see the phone & it turned to sorrow face. Really need to improvise as a brand .. :(
Really awesome one. If u are looking for a phone which at a comparatively low price to satisfy all your needs, then this is for you. And when it comes to it's design, it is slim and looking great. You can make others believe that its cost is around 10-15 k. That's how it looks. I think the software and hardware are perfectly blended by Google. So, finally one word, just go for it :)
Great Phone, my first handset had camera problem and I return that item and I must say Amazone done a great work and within 1 days the amount were there in my credit card and also customer care executive at Amazone was very helpful. Now I got other handset, I have just started using it and my first impression is WOW!!! Good grip, good features, good look and many more....
doesnt seem lyk a micromax phn.....toch,battery,build quality is excellent.....though the camera ring on the back side protrudes outside the back panel by 1mm.......no lags....4.5 gb internal memory for apps which is quite awesome..... 0.90 sar for body..... 0.27 sar for head.....all in all... till date the best phn at 55k in india....camera quality is very good...... go fr it....
Good Product. The only con that I could find is that the battery life sucks, big time! Sometimes, it gets conked off even before the end of a day. And that too without using any data connection. Other parameters are great. Full marks to Google for launching this product. Redmi Still beats it hands down in the specs department though! The only problem is getting your hands on one :)
Used this phone for almost 3 weeks. No lag or hang, display is awesome like other high end phones even though it's given that fwvga. Played huge games like asphalt 8, FIFA 14 and many more. It's better than xiaomi mi 3 which as great features but doesn't work properly. Google camera is nice but front camera is not good but nice for this cost. This is the Best smart phone under 10k.
Earlier I was using Samsung galaxy young dúos.It was pathetic.It had very low memory so I could download very few apps.This phone is awesome.Its rear and front cameras take superb pictures and vídeos.Processor is very fast.Touch is smooth.It is slim and It has got killer looks.However, I am still waiting for the coupons and cashback.Also, I could not find flip cover for this phone.
The best phone in this range. All the features of this phone are really hard to find in other phones in the same price. Screen and battery life are great but the one small speaker decreases the sound quality although I use headphones so it isn't a great deal breaker for me. Also, the Android update feature is something unheard of in this range which boosts the value of this phone.
Nice product for beginners. ..or shld say best product for beginners. ..it is best replacement of all other mobiles in lower range.I hv both color variant..black looks killer n white as decent that prone to dirt as back cover is of suede material. . Those who have already used mobiles above rs 10k shld not go for this seeing specs, price and brand logo as an attraction.
Product is good, but I am facing problem with battery. One day it get completely discharged, after plugged in the it is unable to charge and unable to switch ON. After so much struggling, and running towards service centre it get ON. After that battery falls in 1hr, and it take time to full charge 3-4 hrs. All other features are good, if they consider to replace the battery.
Really awesome phone. Good display, good sound, volume is also OK. Back and front, both camera is really optimized, can take good picture. No lag while playing games or using other apps. Phone runs smoothly with 1.3GHz quad core processor, 1 GB RAM. No problem with network during calling and surfing (vodafone 3G). The phone is value for money (maybe more than) with Rs. 6500.
I like the Micromax Canvas A1 with Android One (Magnetic Black).But I already told that day(which day I received it) to your person that my phone"s scratch guard was already two scratches was there in the packing.So I request you to send me another scratch guard for my Micromax Canvas A1 with Android One (Magnetic Black) Thanking you Kalyani S
Pros: 1) Stock Android Nexus like OS makes the phone smooth and fast with no lags and receives the updates from Google as soon as they are available. 2)Good sound quality of speaker as well as headphones. 3)You get a memory card and scratch guard free. 4)Some Apps are movable to external storage. 5) Decent display and build quality is not cheap. Cons: 1) Camera is not upto the mark. For those who don't know File manager app can be downloaded from the play store and Google photos is the gallery app. Was able to run FIFA 14 without lags. To conclude, it is a good phone and it is worth the price it is asking for.
Performance is very gud not even a single lag in opening app. Sound clarity is very nice. So overall very gud phone
My opinion about just A1 is amazing gazette & I like it ,I suggest anybody to purchage gohead to take this handset.
The biggest problem wth the phone is its battery. It drops suddenly. Did not find the phone that user friendly
Powering the device is the 1.3Ghz Mediatek Quad core processor coupled with 1GB of RAM. The phone does have good performance and it is responsive without any lags in normal usage. Multitasking was also fine, but the gaming experience was not the best although it might be able to play most of the games. The graphic quality was not the best together with a low resolution display.
I Have purchase Micromax Canvas A1 20 days before. It is very nice phone with good price tag. As it is cheaper compare to same specification mobile hadsets. It has some issue like bettery is only 1700 MAH. Mobile heats up after playing games for 1 or 2 hrs. by the way there is no big issue if you want to buy cheaper mobile with normal day use. Its awesome...Go for it
I got my product in very gud condition as well as well packed & best part delivered very fast as per compared to expected time. awesome mobile, gud speed, gud specs, cons are camera quality is not upto the mark of expectations. otherwise overall good product. waiting for cashback & coupon codes. Must buy mobile. truly recommended mobile. Budget mobile.
Very good phone. display size OK. Sound quality good. Camera good. Flash light super. Phone speed OK .image super. Phone less for old memory card sold. Photo storage for only memory card option. Battery charge less time. Good phone cast OK ..memory card free delivery. Cash on delivery two days delivery . amazon company fast on delivering... Very good super₹₹₹
Micromax Canvas A1 with Android One is feature rich phone. Gr8 value for money. It gives excellent Android experience. The product suffers from lack of "Anti Shake" feature on Camera due to which pictures sometimes come hazy on clicking and has low volume while speaking for which the capacity of mic has to be increased. Then this would be one of the best phones to use.
I am a tech geek. I own a One Plus. I ordered this phone for my dad. Let me tell you one thing, you will not be disappointed with this phone! The punch it packs is TOO good to miss for this price. For 6k, hell yeah it is worth it! It doesnt even feel like its a phone made by micromax because the quality is up to the mark! Its actually better than samsungs flimsy plastic phone!
got this mobile on Oct 4 thanks amazon for faster shipping given this rating especially for google now voice commands. other things such as quality, look , battery life, call voice volume, camera clarity and everything is too good. value for money. if you are looking for a budget as well as performance mobile then go for android one because its a nexus mini
Value for money ! I don't find any issues for the last 2 weeks, on first 2 days I felt the battery was fast on discharging, Later on it felt to be normal. I am getting 12 hours backup on heavy use. , Gaming is good! Almost every game works fine.. I have found some cons., No option to turn off 1 sim, No schedule power off, etc... Phone is good. No lags.
This phone is just awesome. using it since a week ago The pros are- -great Camera(especially front for selfie-lovers) -lag free performance no matter how many apps you run(thanks to Kitkat for that) -Intuitive UI -Battery runs it for a day...yet no issues with it as it is 1700 mAH - in competition with nexus devices in software updates...Yeah!!! Cons- -earphones are not loud enough -the device is slm and may fall if not held firmly No other Cons...Just loving it....bestest phone ever by micromax great in a budget of 7k...Go for it guys!! No other problems
I give five star rating for following reasons: 1.it is pleasant to hold it for its size is ideal for daily use. 2. Touch screen is great. 3. Rear camera is good 5MPs with flash. Though front camera could have been better. 4. Battery lasts more than a day. 5. Working is real smooth. 6. Delivered in time by Amazon. 7.Great value for the money.
Network problem with the device I had buy 2 device after 2 to 3 month the device is week in capturing the network signals where as at my home other device I.e. NOKIA 311 and micromaxx canvas fire shows H+ singal strength and this device shows only E and outdoor shows H or E 70℅ of time the phone not able to captured the signals all the devices we uses the same operator also .
I purchased this product a a gift. I am happy to say that having received the product last month, it is performing as promised. The only issue I had was that there is no information on the gift vouchers which were promised along with the product. I hope someone looks into the same and responds. The 8GB memory card promised as a part of the offer was included with the package.
Amazon: A very decent experience with Amazon. No hassles. Ordered and delivered on time. Canvas A1: Pretty decent performance. Average use. Does not heat up. Is not slow. Fair enough display and audio. A more powerful battery would have been appreciated. Only reason I bought this mobile over Moto E and Redmi 1s was the stock version of android.
Battery is the major problem. Charging at least 3 times a day. Micromax has to give the proper solution.
I bought this phone on 3rd march. buy it its have a great picture quality and a rare sensor-Compass. also this is future proof(I mean update available for android v5.0 lollipop) also a great look make this phone gorgeous. and if you dont know about difference of micro and regular sim click here- www.techenclave.com/community/threads/airtel-micro-sim-card-how-to-get.166665/ dont think buy it if your budget under 8900rs and for 9000rs - best phone is micromax YU yureka TRUST ME!!!
Overall this phone is quite nice. First I faced some problem in downloading apps through my WiFi but then it was resolved. But I m still facing an issue , I HV got an idea sim and it shows that I m roaming but I am not. But for those thinking to buy this phone , grab it. It s one in itself and I believe that at this price this is the best smartphone available right now.
Hi, can someone already using this mobile please let me know if video call through network is possible from this? kindly note that i'm not asking about video calls via skype,viber or any 3rd party app..i'm asking u all if video call via network (when calls are charged from ur mobile balance and do not use net balance) can be made Please help. Thanks in advance
If you are thinking that this is a micromax phone, then change your mind, Just the hardware is from micromax and software is of Google as announced by the company. I found some people telling this phone doesn't have a accelerometer i m sure they haven't bought it, coz i m using it for Racing games. considering the price this phone gives much more than expected. Thankyou
App storage space is sufficient. The performance is smooth without much lag. If it had a bit larger battery (around 2500mAh), it could have provided some more power for working. The unmodified Android Kitkat from Google works well. It should have the option for setting user defined ring tones instead of the preloaded tones. Overall, the best phone at unbelievable price.
First i got phone for mom And it is working so fine That i even got phone for dad For them this phone is super cool and neither it hangs I am kinda brand pessimistic person so a micromax for me ain't good But for parents it's super good And if your range is just 5-6k go for this one As even i have used this phone and it doesn't hang at all
phone performance is excellent,feel of nexus at a price of 6000!,but battery is not good and camera is above average,build quality is not good..so,if you want a phone that will update to latest versions of android for 2 years and which will not lag and struck even many apps and gomes like asphalt and iron man3 and other high graphic games and apps installed ,go for this..
It is more than I have expected for this price, when I compared this with moto e which was 7000 ₹ it was unmatchable. Also phone didn't get hang as my friends advised. Notification light are really awesome and many of them were not aware about it. To set the light preference use light manager app.Display was good. It will be superb if they increase battery capacity.
Micromax A1 is a good 'my first phone'. It has all for entertainment. The is shaped good. Its back rubberized cover gives it a premium look. Camera is decent at this price. The camera can take hd and full hd video. The bright IPS display is plus point. Number of service center is an advantage for Micromax which makes this phone a step ahead than other Android One phones.
Useless company and a useless phone,,,,just got it a month back yesterday ma phone was nt booting up thought it might be an software issue so took it to a service centre finally the outcome of those engineers was that ma phone,s ic is blown i need to replace it which doesnt covers in warranty,giving an xcues of liquid damage....ok fyn till here thought it might be because of sweat or smthng...nw the big joke is the ic costs u for 4800..rs.........so what should one do if the actual cost of the phone is 6.5k and hardly a month used.......and that too it will get repaired in nxt 15...20 days......,and trust me guys i did this mistake of buying a mmx phone...just u want to knw the real product story just visit the mmx service centre once before thinking of buying a mmx phones....der r ppl who r coming on and on frm past months to chek whtr der phone is repaired or nt and the only answer u get is .....we cant help it sir it comes directly from the company we have placed the order for ur part it will come in a week....horrible xperience with mmx phones......and a small suggestion to the company ....plz dnt cheat the consumers on the name of warranty ur product quality is ridiculous ..
I ordered this product on 17th September at night and got it on 19th before noon, all this by normal delivery. So kudos to amazon for their splendid service. Moving onto the review, as I said, I got the mobile on 19th September so I have been using it since 3 days and I am very impressed and satisfied with it. Pros and Cons and neutral points are given below: Pros: 1) Built quality and looks: The built quality is nothing like which you expect from a mobile in this price point. In short, it is very study and well built. The mobile fits in the hand perfectly and the matte-rubber finish at the back increases the grip in hand and at the same time gives it a premium feel. Overall on the looks it doesn't hurt the eye in any aspect. 2) Screen: A 4.5 inch 480p IPS display with ~218 ppi pixel density, does perform much better than how it sounds on the paper. The screen is clear and sharp and doesn't make you crave for a 720p display at all. The brightness even on 10-20% is enough to make it visible easily. The viewing angles too are pretty good. 3) CPU: It houses a Mediatek MT6582 Quad-core 1.3 GHz Cortex-A7 CPU which though doesn't particularly impress, but it has been worked on by Google to optimize it for the Android One smartphones so there is absolutely no lag whatsoever. I won't go on the synthetic benchmarks, but yes it does score around 18k in antutu which is pretty good. Also the hardware doesn't heat up to abnormal temperatures at all. 4) Software: I would specially mention this point in the review as it is really meant to be the trump card of the whole Android One initiative, i.e having a complete stock android, which anyone will prefer over any of the other companies custom android. Google moreover promises to give android updates for 2 years from now on, so you can always run the latest version of android (not to mention, its fully stock vanilla android) till 2 years. Having stock Kitkat 4.4.4 out of the box and having Google optimized the hardware, there are no lags at all whatsoever. The UI is extremely fluid, something which you can usually only see on nexus or Motorola devices. 5) GPU: GPU is Mali-400, which is pretty decent. 6) RAM: RAM management is excellent being a stock kitkat. After installing many apps i still have a good 450-500 MB free RAM for usage. 7) Calling and Signal reception: Its a dual SIM phone which is an added advantage, some people might find it useful. The call clarity on the other hand is pretty decent. Signal reception gives is decent too. 8) Storage: Internal storage is of 4GB out of which you get 2-2.5GB (I don't clearly remember, apologies) for your use "and yes you can transfer your apps to SD card". So the low storage for apps exactly doesn't bother much. You can of course expand you storage upto 32GB via SD card for storage of data. 9) Gaming: Gaming is pretty satisfactory, I am not a heavy mobile gamer, but yes I have tried a few games and they worked flawless. You can see videos on YouTube of people playing heavy games like Asphalt 8 which works decently. 10) Music quality: The music quality is good. I haven't tested the stock headphones, but it plays good with mine. 11) Speaker: The sound of the speaker is very loud and clear. 12) SAR value: 0.37 W/kg for Head and 0.93 w/kg for Body, which is absolutely normal and certainly good in this price range. 13) Sensors: It does have Accelerometer, Light, Proximity, Gyro and Magnetic sensor, so yes, it does have the long missing gyrosensor. 14) No bloatware. Neutral Points: 1) The most Important: BATTERY: Its a mixed bag. It is no way bad, but it is not exactly excellent too. I used this phone in 2 separate ways which most of us do, i.e while at home connected to WiFi and during weekdays outdoors for work. The phone easily lasted me for more than 24 hours while using it at home with connected to WiFi all the time and normal usage of chatting, emails, a couple of hours of calling and a few minutes of games. On the other hand, while using it during weekdays it performed decently, though not as good as the former, but still it gave me a decent backup. With switching between 2G-3G and normal chatting, mails and a couple of calls and few mins of music it was 50% in the evening (I charged it fully before stepping out, i.e at 6;30 in the morning!) So yes, the battery life is pretty decent. However, please note, it does drain faster while in 3G as it is more resource hungry, so if you are on 3G and a heavy user then it is certainly going to disappoint you. Anyways the end point is battery is decent and you can certainly expect it to serve you during your work day hours till you are back at home, this, however ultimately depends from user to user, so the battery life is certainly not "BAD" at all! but it should have been a bit more, even a 1980 mAh like that of Moto E would have been perfect. 2) Camera: The camera is not upto the mark. Its not bad but its not good either. It takes decent photos in daylight, however, it does struggle during the night time. he front camera is nonetheless pretty good. 3) The speaker on the bottom does get covered up completely if you place it on a soft surface and block the sound completely. I would blame the design of the phone for this. A speakers at the bottom would always be preferred over at the back. 4) The phone screen is decent with 4.5 inches, however I feel it should have been 4.7 inches as I fell it is the most favorable size for the screen, as the onscreen button does eat up a bit of screen space and makes the screen looks further smaller. However, its a personal opinion and people might find it perfect, but people with slightly bigger hands might feel the need of a 4.7 inch screen. Nonetheless, its still satisfactory. 5) The provided screen guard is not so good. However, you can't complain at this price point. The fact that it does come with a screen guard in the box should satisfy you enough. Cons: 1) No Gorilla glass or even a Dragontrail glass! We are not expecting a top variant Gorilla glass 3 but a decent normal previos generation gorilla glass or even a dragontrail would have been much appreciated. This certainly doesn't escape the budget excuse. This "SHOULD" have been provided, no excuse here. Very disappointed with this point. 2) It does have a notification LED, but to mu utter disappointment it just transmit 2 colors, red and green. I mean seriously, providing a multicolor LED would not have made a serious loss. 3) You absolutely need a SD card! You won't be able to use camera without it, which is pretty disappointing. I have also observed that the "photo" app (gallery in simple terms) crashes without a SD card. So this card demand is not something which justifies the budget tag. 4) No accessories at all. Nothing at all, no flip covers or hard/soft jackets available for the phone as of yet, so you have to carry it as such without any protection especially knowing that the screen is not made up of gorilla glass or dragontrail. A planned release of accessories for Android One along with the phone should have been done. Verdict: An excellent phone with decent hardware providing a lag-free experience with a stock android and best of all backed by Google for frequent software updates. It is definitely a very good buy for ₹6500/- which won't make your regret your choice at all.
Bought it yesterday only.. Before making a purchase of the Well Debated "Android One" phones. I checked all three phones specs before making a decision on choosing what to select. Finally choose Micromax Canvas A1. Being trusted and well known amongst the other phones in this section. About Phone: With a budget of Rs. 6500 = Performance is absolutely outstanding. Powered by 1.3ghz Qual core processor (though not Snapdragon one) but still it manages to handle multitasking very smoothly... Used simaltaneously 7 apps, but phone manages to handle all without any lags. Resolution 480P. very low than Xiaomi's Redmi which is at 720P.. Still manages to provide very clear and crystal images with minimum brightness. Decent camera of Rear 5.0 megapixel with Autofocus (Which is absent on Moto E) clicks decent images with different camera modes. Very good front 2 megapixel camera for selfies... Built quality is good. Only Cons: It should have inbuilt 8GB Phone memory. (Though it is expandable upto 32GB through external SD Card) Phone's sound is little bit slower... Review: Best budget smartphone with Android's latest Version with free updates for the Next 2 years (upto Android L) Go ahead and make your purchase.. P.S. : Great delivery by Amazon :) delivered within 1 day.
except d battery bak up everything is fine...........and i didnt got d idea what offline youtube..really?......
the mobile works good, but, some time the mobile operator signal (like airtel) is not cached, Thank's
it is good but camera clarity is to low working is good and battery also good but something missing in the phone
Everything is just awesome at this price except battery. Battery drains too fast. I have to charge twice in a day. And i am a heavy user. If u use mobile normally then it is best mobile in this price bracket. Display 5/5 Touch 5/5 Cpu speed 5/4 some times feels minor glitches. 2g ang 3g speed 5/5 Speaker 5/4 Still waiting for lolipop update
The phone is nice..with good speed..howeer there are few glitches.tht needs to be ake care by Micromax as it does not have Predefined profile settings so one cannot change setting instantly amd one very Major prob is that it does not have any option.for continous ring ,as it rings just one and only vibrates if I dont answer. Apart from that the phone is a nice buy.
It is the right one to choose at given price . The flash of the mobile is quite impressive . All the games like Subway surfers,Temple Run2 , CandyCrush Saga...etc are running with out any lag. How ever the display is not so impressive but it's quite ok . The best thing is you will get the latest update from play store. Overall it is the good choice in this price range.
It is an excellent budget phone to experience latest Android kit kat ver 4.4.4. All the more exciting because the software gets updated for the next 2 years automatically. My only wish that it could have been provided with WMP app to play MP3 music, lectures etc. Only a few apps could be shifted to the SD card. My recommendation: Go for it if your budget is tight.
Received the phone within 2 days. Nice & safe packing. At this price level, many first time smart phone users like me takes this phone. May we have small tips and videos on use of this phone. I am unable to 1. Update the micromax warranty 2. Register with google 3. Import my old contacts to this phone Working is fine. Satisfied with the qualities.
This is one of the phone which is satisfying the basic need and more than that. Even my mom learned the touch option easily. PROS: It is having the featurea of motog with in low budget. Good thing is battery life is exist for two day effectively using the mobile. CONS: I can't keep the ringtone as I like. The setting having limited info about that.
I feel canvas A1 is the best mobile with respect to all available mobile at present.Every fetcher is very nice.
nice phone good performance but looks better is micromax a 106 unite2 with almost same configuration and price.
Phone is good, but not as per market. One can find better mobiles in micromax itself for the same range. when compared to other mobiles, it has relatively lesser features, worse design, etc. Only regular updates can't help it to be best in the range of mobiles below 7000. Better explore other models, may be in the same brand and don't get carried away by the ratings.
Except for one design error i. e. speaker being on back side and hence poor sound quality due to more sound absorption the user interface is super smooth.camera is average with more grains in pictures. Feels faster and more intuitive due to pure android experience. Conclusion : better priced and bundled than existing rival budget mobiles in the market
Awesome Phone by Micromax and great features by Google. I must admit that Micromax have come up great build quality for their phones compare to their first Canvas release. Great phone at this price. I have preferred it over Remi 1S and I'm happy with my decision. Thanks Amazon for bringing this offer and deliver before propose time!!!
Awesome product!! It never got struck!! Camera is decent but when you have a good lighting camera works best. Idle for normal users. Heating is not at all a issue. great battery life. Only drawback I thought was "OTG support" which was not expected though :D but its fun using this product. Would recommend this product.
I bought this week two months ago. Being a medium user I loved this phone. It hanged twice because of high end gaming. With all required apps still it work fine. If u looking for gaming devices then this isn't right choice. Camera quality is average but satisfactory at this point of price. I suggest its a good phone for medium users like me.
My best Frnd recommended me to go fr dis fon I ws really nervous regarding d packaging n its items as it WS my first online shopping I didn't expected DAT did fon will meet my expectations BT it did I m really so happy its features r simply awwwwwwwwsomeeeee I would recommend it to each n every1who want to get a superbbbb fon wid extremmm fantastic features ........
DEFINITELY IT WAS VERY HELP FULL TO MY DAUGHTER FOR RECORDING CLASS LECTURES AND OTHER FETCHERS. BUT SUDDENLY IT WAS BURST INSIDE HER BAG AND ALL HER DOCUMENTS INCLUDING I/CARD,LIBRARY CARD AND OTHER DOCUMENTS WERE DAMAGED DUE TO SOME OVERFLOW OF LIQUID OF PINK COLORED. i COMPLAINED AND AMAZON AGREED TO SEND A NEW PRODUCT AFTER THE RETURN OF THE MICRO MAX A1 CANVAS.
Ordered on 15th night and received it this afternoon. For 6499, this one is quite a steal. The interface is pretty neat, and the camera is decent. Am guessing this to be the best of the three Android One phones. Mighty impressed! Good from Google to have introduced Android One!
Micromax Canvas A1 is a good phone and all people can buy who can not afford to buy high end mobiles. Worth it
Never disappoint to you. All features are awsome which includes bunch of sensors, 3G, Cameras (front+back). Battery is very good and really last for two days on average use. Camera- 5 out of 5 3G- 5 out of 5 Sensors- 5 out of 5 Design- 5 out of 5 Wi-Fi- 5 out of 5 Touch - 5 out of 5(butter smooth) Battery- 2 and a half days
Really Good. You won't regret for your buy. Looking price its totally worth.Great display quality with unique camera lense structure make it unusual.Built is pure plastic but it looks good because of its matt rubber finish, it also makes it easy to hold. 1 GB of RAM gives it more edge which could make any one happier while lagfree gaming and multitasking.
Got my SIM cut to suit micro sim port. Later I realise that the sim that has bigger metal portion is not recognised by the phone. That sim is still being accessible in Samsung phone My SD card suddenly got inactive when the phone was on. SD card it now not working either in this phone or in other phones. This phone doesn't recognise Samsung phone's SD card
I have got the phone one week before.. The most advantage of the phone is working well with no lagging and also the led notification.. Display and sound quality is excellent.. Battery backup is good... I was amazed with the touch response.. The only disadvantage is it doesn't have the file manager and gallery.. But that we can download it from the Google play..
first of all amazon's delivery sucks!!, as delivery is not available in ncr and perhaps other states also. They can't coordinate with me for the same as i reside in kaushambi at gzb and made delivery in mayur vihar delhi. well product is good and i am using it from 25th sep and and not having issues related to phone. good design good display smooth interface battery life is good for normal usage like music for 1-2 hours, games 45 mins-1 hour, calls, will manage for a day. fast internet,wi-fi as well as mobile data. over all good software experience, android one, (will receive updates up to 2 years. ya cons too heating problem is there while charging, playing games as well as listing music. few times crash problem experienced one time bad call quality(signal maybe). camera quality is decent not great. according to price it offers it is good.
I have Micromax canvas A1 , which I am using last 2 months , its good device, speed is good, only thing I am unable to access internal storage in USB connection ,When I connect to PC it shows only SD Card I can not use internal storage for file transfer, .. ... ... .. also I am unable to get right contact number to resolve this issue
Phone stopped working within 20 days of normal use. The authorized service centre suspect a severe software problem for which they have no software backup.
Micromax Canvas A1 is a very good handset with all good specifications. Camera wise, speed wise and other all experience is just mind blowing. **Note down: Battery Backup is average when u use it with mobile data, Gives Average Backup. Under wifi, it's Good. For the price that micromax is offering this phone, it's just a feast.
A real bluff by great Google for the promised updates, the phone is good for its specifications. No simultaneous OTA updates for android one, so we can opt for better user friendly devices. For switching between sims for calls and data eveytime need to go to settings and takes much time. One important thing is no video calling witch much needed in India.
this is good phone i used for 1 month its work nice but some application is not available just like File Manager ,battery percentage , sim card off system and conti both sim display no off system , battery is also lowest only 1800 mha so not good avg ..... over all its to good phone and android 4.4.4 v very fast and smoothly run all app and games...
Operating this phone has been a good experiance..unlike other micromax mobiles this one is quite reliable..touch is quite smooth..no lags ..i m playing GTA:SAN ANDREAS ..DEAD TRIGGER..ASPHALT 8..SPIDER MAN ..FIFA 14.......so u can see this phone is giving what it has offered publicly ..i think u should go for it bcz of google 's association with this phone..
Its really a superb phone that i have ever used so far. The voice command i.e., Ok Google response really quicker. Ant the phone itself is a beast without any lags. So go for it guys and enjoy pure Android experience. I have ordered two pieces of it and both are really awesome till date. And the delivery services of Amazon is really awesome. Hats off Amazon.
the only problem with the build is that the silver part of the back camera is fading away and that is too soon. apart from that In this base price i am really happy with this phones performance.for those who are a bit gadget freak it may not be a best buy.but as we all know there is lot provided for what the asking price is. so dont wait go for it.
Awsm phone.. Not only phone.. A super phone... Original android rom... Good performance... Good in all thing.. But I give only 4 stars because.. The ear-phone packed in the box is not so good... Its look like a.. Hmm.. My old java phone earphone... Means in look.. Not a good ear phone.. Otherwise.. Quality is good and amazon service is also good.,
nice budget smartphone. but the camera quality is poor. The phone also does not include Gallery, music player and video player instead you have to view pics in google photos, play music in google play music, and you have to download a nice vlc type application for directly viewing videos. over all an average phone but in monetary terms good value for money.
Phone very good with functions available. Speed is good. I am also looking options in setting like Scheduled on/off, developer debug , keyboard setting for multiple languages i.e. instead of korean keyborad enable/disable, it should allow me to set my required language e.g. Japanese, French,.. Google can integrate these functions in future upgrade
Very nice phone ..runs like my old htc one x which was spoilt (shortcircuit) just months after warranty expired. After that i decided to buy cheap n best phone n this is it.. Android one A1 by micromax. It runs on quad core n its really fast .. Games, apps, calling, bluetooth, music everything worka well even at same time. Im quite happy to buy this phone.
Great features at low price. Apart from all the common features of other android phone the touch is very smooth. The only downside I could see is - Camera does not start without memory card, but amazon is providing 8 gb card. I played 2-3 HD games like Asphalt-8, Real Racing and Deer hunting, no lag while playing so heavy games in HD.
It's a good one. It's good looking & too good to use. It seems, it doesn't have a call or voice recorder like others. Apps whatever has been advised by the company to down load are paid ones. Operation guide booklet supplied with the set doesn't contain anything useful regarding all these. Please get me in touch with the company if possible. (Rajatsekhar)
Phone is working greatly but the back camera is very poor. The says that it's 5mp but comparing it with my s3 mini its camera quality is very low. The phone has an amazing backup, support hq games, doesn't hang a lot, internet is faster in mmx canvas a1 compared with smsg s3 mini. Compared with this price range this is a great choice. #Anwer
This is a great phone. I found the camera to be good. Also, the phone battery stays on for 1.5 days (1 hours talk, 2 hours surfing, WiFi ON). This phone has LED notification which is a useful feature. It did not show any slowness even after using multiple apps simultaneously. Sound is not very great. (Its just ok to listen to songs occasionally)
It's a good phone in this price range. Pros: good screen. Very responsive. Average camera. Good sound quality. Nice look (looks more like nexus 5) Cons: could have improvised on the cam quality. No back cases available yet. Overall I'm really satisfied with it's performance. If your budget is around 6-7k then this is the best you can get :)
Micromax A1 is a nice phone as it's android looks exactly the same as Nexus phones. Configuration is good in terms of money that a consumer has to pay, the only dissatisfaction which I have and you'll have is the "BATTERY"... It doesn't even last a day even if I will not use my phone... And if I'm using it, my battery will die in max 5 hours...
Pros 1. Stock ROM 2. Updates directly my google baba ( Android L :-) ) 3. decent Quality 4. Amazing responce from Amazon Cons at this price range ... None I didnt received memory Card with my Package ... still Amazon gave me store credit for that ... :-) that is what we call amazing customer care ....
Looks good, not cheap. Buy this if you want android experience. Few features are different from normal androis. e.g. I cannot find how to view files on my sd card. I have still not figured out. All your data gets synced with your google account. Don't feel too eited for the phone. May be you can try Moto phones as well, if you can compromise on specs.
The phone is definitely one of the best phones if not the best for it's price.The battery life is a big improvement over previous micromax models,The camera is good for it's price and lastly the OS is smooth as it is pure android stock with no skins and other bloatware.Overall for the features it has and it's price here .this phone is worth your money
Just today received the phone as expected. On delivery I could use my debit card. So far the phone seems to be very good. Its fast and very sharp. This is for my father in law who would use for some social networking and Skype type calls. Trying it out u feel I should keep it as I still have an outdated iPhone 4. Need to check the battery consumption.
No words for this smartphone because first time i have seen any good micromax mobile phone in this range.
Stylish looks, Superb camera, battery backup-not bad..., On the trend features, WoRth tHe cO$t!! This mobile serves more than expected at this price!! What else do u expect for 6499?? iPhone??? I call it the best Micromax phone ever made!! DON WAIT..! BUY IT AS QuiCKLY AS U CAN!! After seeing it wd me, many of ma frnds have got it from amazon...
No budget phone can be better than this. Using for last 3 months. No issues with hardware and software. No crashes or lagging till now. Believe me a "paisa vasool" smart phone in this price range. I am a user who squeeze out the most from a gadget and experiment a lot. I think no one will be disappointed for anything a part from battery life.
With this much of price this phone is beyond everything. May be there are many cheaper phones with some more configuration but with this configuration with certified google os in which you can directly enjoy all the updates with no more waiting is like chappar phad ke offer. This is a complete nexus experience. Rather I will call this a CHOTTU NEXUS.
the mobile is awesome i like it
I have purchased this phone recently. Awesome phone in this budget. I just liked the way touch screen behaves. I think the best touch screen ever made. I have shared 5 best budget android phones that you can buy from Amazon also. I love my Android One..... http://www.getaheadindia.in/2014/11/top-5-best-budget-android-smartphone.html
Awesome product from Micromax supported by Google till date....nice touch....great resolution....light weight...fast browsing...and most interestingly getup and appearence is totally diffecent from other Micromax mobile set. Unbelievable thing is that most advance specification at an amazing price. No second thought. just buy and you surely love it.
If your budget under 20k, you can purchase this device. I ran almost 153 application including games and it doesn't lag and it seems pretty much perfect than any device so go for it. Pros: everything about it is excellent at this price. Cons: Camera 's result in Night, not bad but you can go with one drawback at this price.
Awesome Phone With Great Specs and Especially an awesome Software. The plus point is that it will get priority update to Android L with nexus 5 being an entry level phone. Pros - Software, Built, Design... OK - Camera (Cant ask better for this price) + Flash and decent secondary camera. Great Delivery by Amazon. No shipping and no delivery charges.
My experience with this phone is very bad,firstly when I purchased the phone u was unable to download apps from play store,no telephonic support was given by micromax,after reading review of another customer facing same problem I have followed his solution and now issue is solved,the another draw back of phone is its low sound,poor battery backup.
I have experienced with this model device is excellent with light weight and slim appearance. It have Low cost and high configuration. And also camera resolution is very good.I like it very much. But there is no file manager and sim manager in built with this model. Hence these applications will be download from google play store by customer.
This is was my first experience on online shopping for any gadget. I must say it turned out to be really great and satisfying. Got the product delivered on time and in good condition. This smartphone turned out to be up to the expectations in the given price. I give my full marks and great going Micromax......
Hey frds...I m buy micromax android one from amazon. This is awsme product that price. I m use this phone last one month..I m fell so good. This phone touch screen is very good n Smith running... And camara quality is very good,that price.. I m click lot of selfi pic n share Facebook all pic quality is nice...totally this is very good this price.
Bought two handsets of this model - Canvas A1 - had trouble with both. While one did not detect any WiFi connection from the beginning, the other started to show signs of trouble from the 3rd week onwards - the microphone stopped working in the 2nd one. I can understand quality being compromised for price, but not functionality. A disappointment.
this is my first micromax mobile and first order with amazon i had ordered it on 23 sep and recieved on 26 morning the packaging was very good. now about the product i think its the best product till now the micromax have ever manufactured it gives you the feeling of nexus phones and perfomance of the phone is very fluidic it doesnt hang at all .
BATTERY IS GETTING LOW QUICKLY HEAVY WEIGHT OF MOBILE I GO TO MICROMAX WORKSHOP FOR GUARANTEE IN FUTURE
This phone is reasonably fast,no lagging is found during use.battery is just good.Good value for money.
This phone was working smooth as a butter but after 20 days, we started getting messages 'Android.process.acore stopped unexpectedly. Even though i use only 1 SIM, it is frequently asking me to select sim for calls, mmessages and data. It restarts frequently. I am fed up with this phone. Since a month passed after the purchase now i'm unable to return the phone. I'm cornered and helpless. Could Amazon help me to resolve the issue smoothly?. Now the ball is in their court.
great value for money but one thing i dislike about this phone is that google promised regular software updates for this mobile,but google has not released any software or even any firmware updates.There are a few bugs,eg-There is a particular sound from camera heard every time you focus!.If google releases updated regularly itis a great deal!
I am using Micromax Canvas Android One for past 5 months. It is one of the best phone from micromax. The speed of the phone is pretty fast and I recently updated it with latest android version 5.1 which improved its performance. I have not experienced any problem in this phone, the touch response is really amazing,.... Thanks to micromax.....
For the given price its really a great deal , i brought this phone for my dad and so far there is no lag whatsoever ,everything is buttery smooth, not a great phone if you plan for heavy gaming , but for normal everyday usage its good enough Only drawback is that the camera is not as good as the redmi 1s but for a 6500 rs phone its decent
Best phone under this price Camera - 10/10 camera quality is better than any phone at this price segment Multi tasking - open any app..and forget about it..phone does not hang at all Battery- battery backup is good but not to good Design- from a distance its look like a premium phone :p material of back cover is not so good
its a superb phone. i am using for 15 days. but for past 2 or more days, battery is draining rapidly although battery doctor & clean master had been installed. in minimum use (only phone calls) , the battery getting exhausted in 6 - 8 hours.1% decrease in every 10 mins or so & that too in stand by modealso. any one ve any suggestion about it ?
Thanks to Google & Micromax, for developing such a featured phone under Rs. 7K. After I lost my high end smart phone, it allows me to access the most required features within my present tight budget. The best part of this phone is the OS (Android One) which well organised to suite my regular browsing of my phone functionaries. Thanks a lots...
I love this phone. Got it updated to the Latest Android Lollipop 5.0 The UI is super intuitive. Ring volume is loud and clear. Sound quality from the earphones are loud and decent. Battery will last for up to a day with the latest android update, moderate screen brightness, limited Wifi usage and moderate media usage.
This is a great Phone!!! Guys I want to tell u that pls dont be in the impression that it is a Micromax phone rather consider it as a GOOGLE phone. Its been a month and have still not noticed a lag in the user interface. The RAM management is so good you cannot even imagine it. Dont bother and just go for it if you get it fot 6000/- or less.
Waste mobile fully heating when we are using mobile and full battery discharged with in one hour only so dont sell we want return this order wht is the turms and condition danger feeling when this mobile damaged and not sufficient to people .... please return my order....other wise v are filing consumer forum case against amozon and micromax
Really nice phone. So far no problems. One of the biggest issues could be the lack of internal storage, whose effects could be seen in the long run. It could also be a positive point, which can be seen only in the long run. Also Amazon's service was great. No problems faced. I received my unit on a Sunday which was pleasantly surprising.
Great phone at the price. Received Lollipop 5.1 update in April '15, Only drawback is poor battery life.I've used moto e which has much better battery life than this phone(for the same price). But considering other features this phone is better than moto e. It has gyroscope sensor allowing you to take 360 panoramas also called Photospheres.
Fits the bill for low cost dual SIM (single country) smart phone. However one big disadvantage is lack of SIM card management in settings. Micromax has not issued any app to fill this gap. Indian SIM cannot be disabled in UAE. Do Google and Micromax think that one should remove the SIM card? In such case all we need is two single SIM phones.
Amazing phone.. This is my third week and I'm fully satisfied.. Camera is awesome.. Touch is great.. Looks are killer.. Xiaomi redmi 1s is better in comparison but I'm statiafied with every penny I spent on this one.. Besides micromax has established itself as a competitor where as xiaomi is just a new entrant with limited service centre's..
In micromax A1 There no File Manager inbuilt in A1 from Compony. But All Goooood. Battery Back Up is Not Good.less battery Back up there all is good Camera,Audio,Vdeo quality also Goood. No file manager there for I cant find phones inbuilt Internal memory..plz say how to inbuilt File Manger in A1...........plzzzzzz Say to Me....gyusssssss
The phone is very good in look, processing, Speed, Google updates and Backups, Camera etc. But there is a problem in Vodafone Network. The phone capture only one to tower even in very high network area,which is in other mobiles (samsung) shown full tower. There is no problem in Network of other Service Provider like Reliance, Idea etc.
It is worth to the price spent...The phone no typing screen is hanging sometimes..And major drawback is the functionality with WIFI..It is not grasping the wifi range connectivity very quickly when compared with other phones...If you want to have a feel of android phone with all the features present in high-end phones,you can go with it....
Dont doubt this phone. All android one phones are manufactured by same OEM so all are same performance wise. And moreover its google project so be up to date with android. Its you to decide which company you trust most out of mmx,karbonn n spice. I'am super user (root user/power user) so i know all those things. So just go for it.
Good phone with a decent price tag; with 1 GB of RAM and 1.2 GHz quad core processor it offers good speed; screen size is printed as 4.5 inch but I doubt as the navigation system is embedded inside the screen; camera is good as I was able to take pictures in low light. Battery could have been better at least 2500 MAH but overall good phone.
Awesome mobile with classy performance... Wanted to gift to my sis and probably the best gift I could have given... Moreover with 2 years of guaranteed updates from Android makes its value all the more worthwhile. Sound quality and camera quality in dim lights is not that good but in the price range of this mobile, what else can we expect..
It;s excellent smart phone in low budget that i got from the amazon. And AMAZON has best service
Best phone in its class. Its a phone that I wanted at around 6000 bucks.. Go for it. Don't wait.
Really sad about the phone quality The dialer is not responding and many apps are not responding
The size is very good battery life is much batter then expectation and fast then most expansive phone
The phone is good but the only thing which matters is the micro sim micromax should have given the normal sim instead of the micro one its been 2 weeks now I have not used the phone the look is great it works good but I suppose I have not used the phone actually so cant give any feedback on the performance of the phone.
Don't think about it, just go and buy. Awesome phone in this price. I'm uaing this phone about two weeks and i didn't find any lag. This phone can play asphalt 8 smoothly. Camera is fabulous but the flash is not so good you can't take pictures in low lights. Battery backup is also poor. Battery backup will increase after android l update.
The phone is very good for the features it's providing. I had not checked until 2 weeks of delivery for the ear phones accessibility... and it is not working.... when checked with amazon they said return policy is for 10 days and hence now i need to go to a micromax service center and get it fixed... Apart from this, it's a good one!!
Very good configuration and latest stock android make the UI very fluid. That's why this handset is different than others micromax mobiles. Build quality is very good. The size is just perfect. Thanks to the android one project. Pictures taken by the phone are ok. Maximum games are supported and you can beat others high score if you can :)
I am using canvas A1 from one and half month here is no problem, i had buy a 16gb memory card and used in it for 3days now it will not showing files in my mobile, but when i see in settings-storage it will showing space.when i turn-off mobile and turn-on it will shows up to 5munites and repeat the same problem.any one what to do,reply me.
The phone looks stylish, the touch is good, above all the in-built camera features are amazing. I would recommend everyone to buy this phone because it only costs 6499 but in real it competes with phones with market value of about 13000rs. The one word that describes my feeling when i first used the phone is "AWESTRUCK"......
Delivered one day before the committed day.. The phone is best value for Money with stock android.. If you are looking for a decent phone at around 6k - 7k this is the best option. Reasons: 1. Stock Android 2. Updates from Google (So you can expect a Lollipop update anytime soon while OEMs has to wait for a couple of months) 3. Hardware best suited for the OS. So the experience is good. I have Nexus 4 and the A1 experience is as good. 4. Decent hardware considering the cost.
I am so satisfied with this phone. I think its the best option in its price range. The best part is AndriodOne. Latest updates from Google. Its so comfortable to handle. Perfect weight and fits in hand just right. Call quality is good. Camera is also good. Low light photography is not recommended. But it perfectly fits my usage. 5 stars.
i have satisfied with the product ,it was amazing phone when compare to price and features of the products prons good camera mobile is slim it,s processor is good the only difference b/w google nexus and a1 is camera it's 5mp google nexus 8 and ram is difference ,when compare to price this is worty than g nexus 5
Micromax canvasc A1 is a lovely piece of gadget to posses with. It is a great value for money too. A1 is capable of fulfilling all the requirements of a smartphone user within a budget. A1 will definitely put a tough challenge to high end touch phones and will change the face of smartphone user community. A great social work by Google!!!
I want to give 5 * but my phone's back cover was not so clean. But phone is very good. Thank Amazon.
I'm using since 20 days... Go for it guys... It is completely different from all other micromax phones... Too many features in low cost.., It comes without gallery & filemanager., It doesn't matter however we can download them from google play... It never lags/crash.... Simply fantastic....
Kodus to amazon delivery i ordered it on 16 september around night at 9 and got it next day night at 8 now about mobile its a devil i just loved it pros no lagging at all good display updates upto 2 years handels heavy graphics games like nfs most waned and real racing 3 very well cons no battery percentage we have to download app from play store no file manager no gallery hope android 5.0 update will fix the issues altough i loved it
One of worst decision to choose Micromax phone as a gift for someone. From the day this phone has arrived there are endless problems to handle. Phone getting hanged continuously, not working properly. If that was not enough, service center of Micromax are pathetic in terms of customer care. Even they don't know how to solve the problem. After 3 visits to Micromax service center, finally they have decided to sent it back to company. There are serious software issue with the phpne. DO NOT BUY...
Nice entry level smart fone, I guess its the best in Micromax range. For the price, It has got 5MP cam with AF, IPS screen, Kitkat OS, Good Speakers. bbut yeah, battery is definitely a low, but if you are a business user and do songs and other draining activities occasionally, it shouldnt be a prob for you. Rest are fine
Good phone for this price range. The battery is good.It lasts long for 3 days even i play daily 1 hr of gaming. The processor is good..till now i haven't found any software interruption..the camera is also good expecially while taking panorama shots...4.5 inch is far more better and can be handle very easily unlike 5 inch phones.......
First time I am supporting a micromax made phone. Android one is really a good phone for its price. Its been a month since I got this phone and till now its working fine. Camera is not up to the mark but its OK for this price tag. After purchasing this phone remember to use a good screen guard cuz the one available with the phone sucks
Phone is awesome, battery life is not good, screen consumes so much battery. Camera is of average quality, But at this price, all features are awesome. Airtel offer can be obtained by waiting for 72 hours or writing a complaint to 121@in.airtel.com. I got the offer after 4 days. Delivered the phone after 4 days of delay.
I would like to mention two very strong negative points.One is battery backup.Battery discharges very soon.One fully charged does not stay even for a day.2nd.. Speaker quiality is very poor.Loudness is very low even on full volume.Overall features are O.K. but these neagtive points take the shine out of it.my exact rating woud be 2.5/5
I own a nexus 5 still i cant take off my hands from ths mini nexus.... A great deal for the buck...
Purchased in Jan 2015 and found the product the best in terms of the money spent. It is amazing experience to use different features of the micromax A1 . No problem with wifi. Only phone ring tone volume seems low so during noise area slight problem when phone comes. Overall best return of the value. Yogesh patel, Ahmedabad
Worst service by micromax. Unlike samsung and Apple, micromax has no spares to repair it's new product and they don't replace the product in seven days according to micromax policy as we buy it from amezone. They want us to take refund. Why not offer both refund and replacement policy for the product which is available online only?
Fantastic mobile...worth for every single rupee... U just buy it no other go... Android one is awesome...wat a customization.... Loving t use the mobile... I bought it before 1 month....its working great... Disadvantage: battery but not much bad and not much good... Those who are with the same budget go for it
Very good phone . its value for money. At this price, u can enjoy all your application like fb wahtsapp tango for video call Skype smoothly. It was around one month I m using it and never gets the single problems. I had note2 also. This gives the equivalent usage. So sometimes I think it is better to use canvas a1 phone for handy use.
Meets the Google standards exactly.. A great piece of build quality,camera and its features, touch-smoothness and update capability.. Everything is quite satisfying... If u r looking for a quality phone at this price then go for it.. And yeah, amazon delivering services are also Mst.. Three days and i got my order.
Hi, I have been used a lot of Micromax mobiles.Some are very good but some are very bad. Recently i purchased Canvas A1 and this product is awesome in many aspects.By look mobile is fantastic Display is good. Speed is good.Camera is very good.Battery is average.Overall this product is above average in this price.4 star out of 5
android one is simply awesome at its price range.....but faced a problem with airtel offer of free data for downloading games and apps.Even after activating the offer and receiving the msg,it didn't work.Tried downloading a game and lost money from the main account in the process.frustrated......has anyone faced a similar problem???
i have been using this device for 3 months now. Coming from a high end nexus device, i absolutely love this phone in terms of software experience. i now find it ridiculous to spend 20k or 30k on a phone when you can have decent one for 6k. yeah, the camera sucks. but i don't use it a lot. so this one is for me.
dont buy anything from amazon.im totally fed up this fellows.one of the worst online site.all fake
Bought this for 5500rs and for this price, it is an excellent buy. All the features included in this phone comes under the catogory 'Good' except the camera. It is just average but for this price it is ok. There is nothing excellent in device but a good phone with all the required features. A must must buy if u have a tight budget.
no...................the mobile is very good....but what the problem i get damged ear phone......so i go to the micromax galry for replacemant................and even i can't get internet free of airtel....as the amazon say................i call the aritel they say me contact the amazon...and micromax also saying like that.........
Really fantastic mobile. I am using this from 27 th sep It's performance is so great. But I absorbed some heat after long use, Its not a bigger problem. Those who like to buy the mobile less than 7K it is the best thing. I am likely to use this wonderful mobile. It is excellent in my view...
सभी चीजें सही है । sound बहुत ही कम है। full volume पर भी अबाज़ कम है। FM Radio का Jack connection ठीक नहीं है । socket में इअर्फोन जैक घुसाने पर आबाज ही नहीं आती है । बैटरी का back up बहुत ही कम है । अभी तक Android 5 का software update navigation किया गया है। Android 5 I.e. Lollypop कब तक अपडेट किया जा सकता है ? Please confirm ..
Can't beat this is this price range. Don't expect this phone to wonders in this price range. But its a great Android phone below 7K. The design and build quality is good, speed is good. multy tasking performance is excellent (It even beat my Galaxy Duos in that). No Freeze or hang issue (Using it from 3 months now).
micromax android one. . . i love it. Good design, very smooth UI, kitkat 4.4 is very good. been playing real racing 3 without any hitch. only drawback is the battery which lasts barely 10 hours with my usage that includes light gaming, browsing on 3g and music but for this price range couldnt ask for more
Nice Phone...But many common and basic features are not there. Good Points - Nice camera quality - Fast Processing Bad Points - Sometimes Camera Crashes - Flash setting is not there - No file manager....you have to download file manager apps from play store - Menu is not user friendly.
Micromax Canvas A1: An amazing piece with an outstanding software experience, good camera quality especially front camera and all that can be afforded by a common man.......... It would be great if battery life would be somewhat longer......... But overall it is a nice experience........Don't hesitate to buy it..........
overall a excellent phone but the flip point is the battery.if kept on in the morning fully charged the battery reaches 35% by 1500 in the evening. even with wifi,bluetooth switched off and unwanted apps disabled battery is still aissue. otherwise very good. narayan@trichy Amazon.in order number: 404-3306673-4751503
Micromax + google = best product just I brought all feature run perfectly fine and I run many game to check processing and heating problem guess what I found all game like gta-vice city and maxpain ,alpha 8 run fine with without heating and without any lagging .....so guys just go for this this best product under 6k . .
I got the order delivered within 2-3 days, so was happy with their service. :) Highly recommended for a budget under 8k. Infact most other handsets within a range of +1-2 k(7-8 k) does not meet this phones specs! Battery is a problem but with wise useage and proper apps and ram usage one can overcome this drawback.
Its well said that Android one is a DESI nexus. Fast phone for such a specs. Good viewing angles. Camera quality is avg. Cant expect much on such a price. I can bet that this phone in performance is far better from Xiaomi Redmi 1S. I loved the stock android part. Excellent mobile phone for an average user, under a average budget.
Pros: Premium Design Smooth UI tailored for these devices like Nexus Decent camera Google Updates Speaker Clarity is excellent Headphone Clarity is Good. Call Quality is Good Battery Backup Good Antutu - 18750 Games Play Smoothly 2GB space for apps. ram free 500 to 600MB. Cons: We can't install apps on SD card. Display Could have been a QHD. Overall GO for it and Awesome service by AMAZON INDIA .
i like it but it dosent have gallary and file manager so i installed ES file exploreer, but this phone dosent shows internal memory pls help me how to see that and place a gallary in this mobile? is there any app for it? let me know. it also takes too much time to show images via pre-installed app Photos of Google. what i do ?
Overall experience with mobile is excellent. If it is in your budget without second thought just go for it. Very good camera, screen, etc. I m using iphone 5 and purchased this phone for my father and i was not expecting this features and performance from Micromax, but i m really impressed by Micromax. Thanks Micromax
A good phone from micromax in good price. Very good display , good quality sound, network and 3 g is working perfect. I have one doubt about this phone.Please advice anyone how can find out this. That is in the internal storage capacity of phone. Company claim four GB storage capacity. But the phone displays only 2.27 GB.
Very happy with the phone..at this price the best phone available.. Had some doubt in the beginning but after using it for more then two weeks m thrilled...easy to use,software didn't lag,looks great though my one complain would it does get heated real soon ..but overall I like it n amazon pls get some nice cases n covers soon:)
this is a good phone in this price range. Battery is good lasts one day , screen size is also comforting, touch is good and kitkat os awesome. But screen becomes dark in sunlight, and also camera is not up to the mark. it has no gallery app so u need to install a photo app. Otherwise it is a good buy at this range. i loved it.
I purchased this phone as a diwali gift for someone. When i received this mobile i found some scraches on the middle-right edge of the mobile, but as i have to gift it i kept it and gifted the same by applying a flip cover on it. Now upper screen is broken and i'm helpless. Can't apply for the returtn. Don't know what to do. :(
I like this phone and its a good one for this price. but some problems are there, except that, its a good one, problems are.... battery backup is only 10 to 12 hours without playing any games or apps no gallery and most of the songs like wma files are not work in the music player. camera clarity is not good.
best product from micromax.... nice amazon service... Pros: all good...processor, ram, storage, screen... Cons: only 1700mAh battery... which lasts only 2 days max while using wifi. Result: a good buy under this range. also this is the android one product so google updates ll keep it up-to-date.
Amazing delivery by Amazon.in, booked at 9 pm and delivered the very next day by 12.30 pm although it was a normal delivery. The phone is pretty good in looks, touch is very nice, camera picture doesn't breaks in pixels even on highest zoom and most comfortable is its screen size with all the latest specifications. Go grab it.
My first Android Device and am loving using it, in terms of product quality it is what you pay for. It works really good, have not had much problems with it as of now (excluding finding good apps). I have been an iPhone user and will eventually get back to it, but as a newbie to Android, pure Android OS has not disappointed me.
Only problem is .... there is no storage for content .internal storage is only for apps install
good performance camera features are good applications are supportable to this device.
With a price that beats the MOTO E.. This mobile is really worth it... I mean every feature described is upto the mark.. and for the price tag is definitely satisfying. I had some problems with the WiFi networks in the start.. but later got solved..(updates..?). other than that.. value for money on this..
I am very happy to use this phone. I am surprised at how good this phone is. for this Price it is worth every penny. google will also give immediate updates to this device like the nexus devices. That is amazing. but not in this phone. its immediate update for this phone. Also i dint find any lag in the phone. its Super fast.
Hi All,Hi All, I Purchased Micromax Canvas A1 from Amazon. How can we get such a wonder full fone at such a competitive rate. 1.3 Quad Core+ 1 GB Ram+ 4.5' screen makes it a mindblowing experince with lates Kitkat . I am satisfied and I give both Micromax and Amazon tons of appreciation. - Gauresh Narkar
After a week's use, my verdict is that this is the best mobile in less than Rs. 10,000 caretegory! Every app and function of the mobile is completely hasel free and everyone who saw this phone in my hand appreciated. I was surprised that even people who had phones of top brand and three times higher than this Micromax AndroidOne, felt this is the best phone ever in such a price category. This has given a great lift up to the Micromax Brand! Congratulations Micromax!
Awesome... Just Awesome..!!!
I am writing the review after using the phone for 4 days.I got this phone for my father,as he is new to touch screen n android, i must say this is perfect phone for him,easy to understand & to operate. I was confused between spice uno n micromax a1, finally decided to go with micromax coz of the roundel design on the camera,which gives very classy look for the phone.About performance its fast,touch is also very smooth. All n all my father is very happy with the handset.
Loved the phone. The screen is so vivid, I can't put the phone down. The responses are so good, the phone hasn't lagged at anything since the time I switched it on the first time. Love it! And that too just 6k. The android experience is priceless!!! The battery drains a little too quick but its something I'm willing to bear.
Smaller version of google nexus. Smooth, Fast, really good. Battery backup also stay 1.5 days with 2G internet. Google now also great feature. looks really awesome. Smooth video calling. Camera quality is normal. As per price this is the best mobile in India. Fast of all this is android one. Really good for for android user.
It has everything u want - multi screens - great fonts - can read PDF - explode images - music - FM - google takes the cake and makes you enjoy it too - great battery - large screen - controls easy - ITS VERY GOOD FOR THE AMOUNT YOU PAY ... BUY ANDROID A1 MICROMAX CANVAS .. its a steal .. I am enjoying - you will LOVE it ...
Nice phone for this price range.good software .nice performance i felt like battery could have been better.nice service from amazon 8gb memory card also with the pack but 2000 rs coupon didnt get till now  no notification from amazon about the free coupons. anyway in this price range this phone is the best
Nice phone for this price range.good software .nice performance i felt like battery could have been better....nice service from amazon 8gb memory card also with the pack... but 2000 rs coupon didnt get till now ... no notification from amazon about the free coupons. anyway in this price range this phone is the best
Extremely sorry sir ! Neither the set with its defective second sim slot, nor the local Micromax service center arefunctional.. If you read these lines, please call URGENTLY 9473240207. And please dont ask me to go to and handover my phone set to your local service center. They have already overplayed with it. Naseem Haider
I'm writing this review after 1 month so that i got time to check all the features, its very good mobile in 6.5k range, camera quality is ok but i liked the features of camera like we can blur background by focusing in particular object which is super feature, battery is ok not great, touch response on time without any lag.
It's next to Google nexus in terms of software. Since all the updates are controlled by Google, you get updates for 2 years. A decent basic smartphone which worth the buck you pay for. Must buy for beginners. Your Samsung mates will never get their phone updated. You'll be always in the latest version of Android.
I just used this micromax canvas A1 for a day only after receiving it through their courier counterpart of amazon.in for delivery of their online booked products. It hangs quite a lot and the whole night charged battery last long for five hours only. Very very very poor battery life. I will provide some more feedback later.
A very good budget phone. I am first time android user, so loving it. I am using it for 10 days. No heating problem.Camera is okay. touch is also not bad for me. Wi-fi is running very well. You can expect 1day battery life with normal use. But is taking little bit more time for charging. Other than that everything is good.
Nice phone..... all features are good as mentioned the best google version phone in the budget.
Speed of the phone is fine. Light weighted handy phone with price of 6.5k. Camera is ok. Touch is fine. Screen light is good. But there is no file manager. I downloaded file manager but it is not showing the internal memory. I cannot connect it with PC as mass storage. I downloaded some apps but it is not working for file transfer to PC. The Micro USB is not working with the pen drive. Is there any solution plz help. Still I will give four star for its price and quality.
Battery gets drained quickly as the battery doesn't last for more than 14 hours in a day. I have a very minimal usage as to internet & calls are concerned. I use internet for not more than 40 minutes, calls as to not more than an hour, games & music for not more than 30 minutes yet the battery standby is for 14 hours only.
The device feels premium with a good smudge free finish. Touch is very responsive. The audio output is surprisingly loud. The in device memory is low but micromax sent in a SD card a long and that solved my problem with storing music and pictures. The clean kitkat experience without bloatware is a definite plus.
I like this product very much with respect to budget its more than my expectation. UI is very smooth infact no laginess found till now.Screen clarity is above average.Ram is more than sufficient.Got 8gb mem card for free,use it malaai marke.Battery can stand up to one and half day with normal usage.Got extremely satisfied.
nice phone..good touch..i ordered this product on 20 th of last month and took 9 days to reach..Normaly i was very much impressed with amazon faster delivery.but in this case too late.Product is good 2 cones- 1) camera is only average(compared to unite2 its not upto mark). 2) not able to detect pc using usb.
I got this phone for my mother. I am a fan of stock android, so I instantly liked the software on this phone. The hardware is optimized for stock android so it runs smoothly. It has an IPS display with rich colors (sometimes pixelated other than that everything is great). I recommend buying this phone in this price range.
I have bought this mobile two weeks earlier.. After using it I was very satisfied. Its a cool gadget to buy.. Good price. I found every thing working great on this device.. But the earphones were not good.. And the home, back, & recent apps icons were on the screen itself with lot of space left empty beneath the screen...
I bought this on 11/10/14, all are working good. But 1.Some heating problem 2.battery drainage 3.slow internet access 4. Normal both camera clarity 5. Poor hardware quality At this rate 6500/- it is OK but above mentioned poonts are basic needs for a smart phone..and I am not satishfied
Excellent build quality. Good battery backup. Very easy to use. Performance is ver good. no lags or hangs. Mobile signal could be better as it seems to be a bit weak in holding on to 3G signal. Sound clarity of ear piece is good. Photos taken with camera are good. Over All this phone is a good value for money.
I will give 5 star for both Micromax and specially google. I am using the phone for past 7 days and below are the pros n cons. Pros : Nice display.Good visibility in sunlight and auto brightness works nicely Android updates will be given for 2 years. Smooth stock android experience.I have never experienced any lag till now. Call voice quality is good. Camera is nice for this price range and 2MP front camera is enough for making video calls. Looks nice - better than Karbonn and spice's android one. Build quality is good. Dual sim works fine with no issues. Battery is average - have to charge once in a day which is normal these days. I use wifi at home and other time 3G net so once a day charging is fine. no complaints for that. Cons: Speaker volume is average- not as high as Moto E. But it is enough for me. Back panel is little slipary. Headphones not that great but at this price nobody provides it. They are not very bad. They got bass too. :) Gorilla glass is missing -Micromax could have provided that as Motorola is providing it under 7K budget. Final words will be if you care about OS updates and does not want to spend too much money and want descent cell phone. Go for micromax canvas A1.
The Micromax Canvas A1 is primarily a sibling of the Nexus and therefore one can expect it to rise above the standards of Micromax. I had purchased the phone with the confidence of Google backing up the Android one project. And once I received the phone, there was not even the slightest of doubt or regret on my decision. The Canvas A1 is totally a Moto E killer (that is what i call it!). Coming to the hands one feedback, there is absolutely no lag in the phone, whether while switching apps or while playing high end games. I do feel sorry for ones who fell prey to the Redmi 1S trap, for its a heater not a phone! Unlike that, the Micromax Canvas has an exquisite design and is perfect to hold with one hand. The quad core processor outperforms even the top players, when it comes to performance. With the promise of timely Android updates and the privilege of being associated with Google just like Nexus is, brings all the more joy to the Android One users. If you are looking for a phone that manages games, apps, calls and all the same time stores battery for other tasks as well, the Canvas One is surely the one phone for you.
Got this phone for my mom who is a first time touch and andriod user. Just one word: Awesome. Features are exactly as described. Looks good. Nothing better @6499 than a Google phone with the specified features. @Amazon: Delivery before time yet again as expected. Kudos :D An overall happy customer. :)
Bought this product a month back. Micromax has done it again, excellent pic quality, pretty nice display, and the phone performs multi task in quite an ease without any lag. Satisfied with the battery back up. With a price tag of around 6400/- Canvas A1 outperforms its competitors. Amzaon did a timely delivery. :)
Pros. Compact and sleek. Large enough screen to give good experience. Android. Decent speed. Quad core. Face recognition based security is a cool feature. Cons. Battery life is about 24 hours with moderate usage and economy settings. Sound is lesser compared to other smart phones.
Awesome phone under the price range and more over the software update is under google so i would say under 10K this phone is best to buy as it doesn't hangsup compare to REDMI 1S. The screen quality is awesome, camera quality is also good no drawback yet seen. Compared to MotoE, Redmi 1s I think this is the best to buy.
Nice phone, under 7k got it 1 day after i ordered,, superfast delivery, thank u amazon Pros: nice look good build quality good display camera, both front and rear are good, nice touch response battery life good no heating issues cheap Cons: None so far...
Everything was all right only internal memory was some what less it must be atleast 8GB as XIOMI 1s is giving this much in Rs.6000.00 and with 8MP camera and a1 has only 5MP camera but the touch is tremendous. I have seen other mobiles also of my friends and colleges but I found the touch more smarter. We cannot listen music or play video without downloading file manager which is also a set back for this. Else its a very nice phone as this is my first smart phone.
The smartphone is great.... people from middle class family who could not afford a high priced smartphone its a best opportunity for them to go for Micromax Canvas A1 Android one. Experience till date is great... haven't face any prob... hope for the best in future. The only regrade is that Micromax has not yet launched the FLIP COVERS for this product. That's the first priority for all the users that there phone is safe. We hope that it will come soon.
It is worth buying. Because this phone covers almost all the features. Camera quality is reasonably good for the money... And the feather touch gives you perfect experience. And you can feel that you receive all your mail and fb messages.. It helps you always connected with internet.. If you don't want you can disconnect.. No hanging so far i used... Display clarity is not bad... I like this phone very much.. And i am thinking to buy another one... For it's appearance seems to be more than 12 thousand.. But I appreciate micromax for manufacturing this superb product... I suggest to all buyers to buy this product but the decision is yours.. Overall it is a good product
I tried it with an Idea prepaid microsim card that is cut from my regular sim. It simply did not work! I tried the same microsim worked with Moto-E. I have no idea how to solve it. May be I have to purchase a new microsim and try. Unfortunately, there is no information on how to return a device if you are not satisfied.
This is quite a good buy. The very common expectations of a buyer with whatever is the cost of the phone will be that the battery should last at least one day, especially if it is not an overloaded phone but this drains a lot of charge at wont even last a single complete day. So consider that before ordering this phone.
Good product. I am a basic SmartPhone user so this product is working well for me. The only problem with this is it doesn't connect to saved WiFi automatically. You just have to go to Flight mode for few seconds & then come back to normal connection to connect your saved WiFi. All in all "a good buy".
I had purchased Micromax canvas A1 but qualities/features i found was poor. First of all, Battery back up is poor. Gallery option is not displaying in the menu. Can't setup video call directly during call initiating/receiving. I dont like the features/qualities of Micromax canvas A1.....
The thing came 15 days late. Amazon India needs to improve reliability of deliverymen or women. But still feel worth the buy. Stock android, no fears of Chinese big Brothers watching through indelible apps. Hardware - screen - looks as good as premium Korean phones. Touch response smooth. Voice is clear. Totally worth.
Things moto e does not have 1.3ghz Quad core(runs without a glitch) AutoFocus camera Led flash Front camera 2mp 4.5 inch screen Android one - 2 years of upgrade Free 8gb SD card on amazon Due to 10%cash back and SD card total price=5600...approx what else do u want...?
This is very good for the price I paid. Under freebies flip cover should have been added
Following are the problem details -Charger is not working -Contact list is not popup, while i was in service center, They told me hardware issue need 30days to change the motherboard. WTH Motherboard ? -Really worst mobile Please go for another mobile not micromax Canvas A1.
Its a good product compared to its cost. You find evrything u need in smartphone in just Rs. 6499. The performance is excellent so far. Its a value for money product. The only problem is that i din't get the freebies as mentioned, except for Screen Guard and Memory Card. I haven't recieved the discount coupons so far.
This is my first online phone purchase in Amazon and i just love it....Better than MOTO E, moreover free 8GB SDcard....but packing was not so good as i expected. 1. Android v.4.4.4 KitKat - **** 2. 5MP primary camera with auto focus - ***1/2 3. Touchscreen - **** 4. 1700mAH battery - ***
Awesome phone for a Video call and the clarity of video is really good. HD pictures and HD videos resolution can be seen very well. But the pictures taken from 5MP camera would have been made still better. Pictures from 5MP camera doesn't look to be 5MP pictures. But for my requirement of video call I can say its A1.
Have been using the phone for the last 6 months. Highly satisfied with the performance. Great camera both the main and the front. Only one thing could have been better is the battery life, though the current battery lasts you almost a day but needs to be charged in between. Overall a nice product and value for money.
Phone is Very good white color and performance very smooth looking pretty and decent speaker, and one think of camera rear has taken before shoot its very blurr but after taking picture has good that's think only minus otherwise phone is good for and Google's affordable device... Thank you Amazon for Fast Delivery...
Value for money, used it for over a month now. Not encountered any bugs, lags in daily use. Feels excellent in the hand, build quality isn't compromised. Cant expect anything more for the price. Camera is quite decent. Night time performance is however not good, images are grainy. But overall I am one happy customer!
It is nice to have Micromax android One for the price but its applications can be made more user-friendly. The small booklet is not that informative. It gets heated up while talking on ISD or even on Local distant calls. Probelms can be viewed and rectified. A good piece for the price in the market. All the best. Raj
I ordered this for my dad and I would recommend this type of phones to all first time smart phone users. The build quality is decent and battery back up is for a day. So far I do not see any lag. Camera quality indoors is pretty bad for both front and back camera, but at this price range that should not be a concern.
Excellent Phone. Amazingly smooth & quick interface. Though everyone talked about the Camera but my honest submission is that picture quality is great. Good Battery performance. This is an absolutely no-nonsense phone. Buddy, Google has got everything right on this. Now I would question that if Google can give us such a wonderful phone experience in this cost then should we now starting questioning others!!!!...SEE IT FEEL IT AND BELIEVE...Go for It...
Great product. I suggest you this product. Cons: I have only one complaint that mobile lag sometimes & the 3G speed is little bit slow compared to other mobile. It don't have file manager & gallery so it is very odd. Pros: Every features is nice and well packed in this price tag.
Microphone is not good, so need to use earphones for making calls, but I am very comfortable with earphones, besides the microphone no issues with this mobile. This mobile is not worth it for older people. And the price should not exceed Rs. 5000/- including a 8 gb Sd card, scratch protection cover and a back cover.
Jst wanna say .. Its AwesomeE guyz...Android one n micromax did an excellent job..Really Thums UP :) In 6.5K bucks ur getting a younger bro of Nexus :).. All over lag free experience with 1GB Ram n 1.3 Quad Core CPU. Gaming Exprience is pretty cool . So just Click on BUY nOW .. n Thanks Amazon for fast delievery :)
The phone is perfect with awesome touch and speed due to one of the best ram and processor for the price tag.... There is one catch though.... The phone comes with one of the WORST BATTERY I have ever seen. The specifications say 1700mah but it doesn't seem to work even 6 hrs if we use the functions optimally......
Yes! and I'm really happy with the product and also the fast service!! Really appreciated ;)
good looks, photo clearness is good, batry running long time, in short overall phone is good
PHONE FOUND DEFECTIVE AND AMAZON .COM OR AUTHORIZED SERVICE CENTRE GIVE POSITIVE RESPONCE .
sorry for bad EENglish, but i want to say smthng about this amazing product.. unbelievable speed, smooth, and PAISA VASUL product. now android 5.1 lollipop update available. m typing this cmmnt after 5mnth of puchase and using this mobile rough n tough but still running as ferrari. Dont hesitate buy n EnjoY...
i was recently purchased this mobile .it is getting troubles . personally i visit micro max customer care but he suggested me to change the mother board. i would like request you that please exchange my mobile and replace new Regards, R.Ramesha 7731037355 hyderabad ,telangana.
first of all, I would like to say that Amazon's delivery was very fast. Now, this phone is a beast for its price.The performance is top class. and i think that the screen is underrated. even after being a FWVGA screen its quite good. anybody looking for a phone for this price. ths is the best option
I am using this phone last 15 days I notice 3 problem no - 1.Poor battery backup 2.some time Auto switch off its major problem. 3.USB for mass storage not connected with laptops. *Camera OK *Internet Connectivity OK *screen resolution OK *Awesome Ram management as camper to others
EDIT- I got the LOLIPOP update. It works very fine. This is really a sooooper phone.Although it will be orange to apple comparison,it has very rich look like Iphone. Hope it delivers good in longer run.A drawback would be its weight. Should have been little lighter. Somehow You tube is working thr the broweser but not throgh the app, any trouble shooting?
Amazing product. I liked it from the moment i held it in my hands. It is fast given it has no customizations. It will get updates by default. Simple phone. I bought it for my mum and she was able to understand the features easily and is using it with delight. Battery gets charged quickly and works for good 2 days.
The product is good. Internal memory is unaccessible, 1700mah battery for less than 8 hrs, .apk file is not transferable via Bluetooth, without sd card camera does not work, free 8 gb Strontrum sd card will be unusable in less than a month, Quick office cannot open 3mb .xlsx file showing ' insuffient memory'
Order on 15th October and reach me by 27th. Phone is good look awesome,touch is good battery backup nice also. But there is not gallery and manager option on phone. You have to install them yourself. This was my first online shopping buy any online website so over happy with products. Thanks
This is the best product in this price range with all the features which should be there in a smart phone. The only thing is camera quality is little bit under expectation. If we compare to samsung, sony, htc etc. they give all these features in range starting from 12K. I am very much satisfied with this product.
Upgrading from Sony Xperia u to canvas a1 is unreal ,fast enough to do the work of moto g which is highly priced ,everything's great as stock android is simple and fast .i was going to buy redmi 1s but it had so many bugs ,heating problem,battery drainage and so on .trusted micromax and that was a right decision!
Good product from a hopeless service provider Micromax. After sales service is pathetic and just makes you cry. Its as good as a Chinese product, just you and through. Don't visit, mail or call to service centers. Later, updated android lollipop 5.1 is a big pain. KitKat was the best one.
Battery backup is a bit less but everything else is fine. Touch is fluid and no lag issues.
Am not able to install any of the application :( and it is also broken with in a week :( :(
This is a wonderful mobile at lower price, I never face a problem regarding any application
This micromax canvas A1 is awesome. I got everything in the phone at lowest price. You cant get better phone than this. But I didn't like the amazon service . I didn't get the coupons worth rupees 2000 which is available with canvas A1. Still waiting for that coupon otherwise Amazon and canvas A1 both are great.
PROS: •ANdroid •Nice display & build quality is Super ○Nice call quality ○Camera is decent; {FRont-2MP Back-5MP} •Best feature of this phone is the 2 year free software support from Google. •Performance is really really smooth like as jelly free ram<1GB RAM> ○Customized android interface •Airtel users will get free software upgrades and app downloads for 6 months. •Budget Phone for average people at this price.. CONS: •The back and front of phone attracts dust easily •As regular, cheap quality headsets with all micromax phone •Launcher is little bit different from other handsets •Battery backup is not so good Conclusion : Overall I would definitely recommend this product, It's a BUDGET Phone. Worth every penny !!
Battery backup poor Free os upgradation is for only 2 years ,I received 4.4 & within 2 years you will be qualify for max possibility of only 1 upgradation plz think about it.other companies allready started 5.0 os. Camera quality is not best ,but if you are getting this phone for 5000 then it is best.
It's a complete value for money ; this is a good product for light users. I don't recommend this phone for the heavy users ; poor battery. I have been using for past 3 days, I need to charge this phone everyday though I am a light -medium user, I used for attending calls and browsing whatsapp messages
I like the mobile which is working fine. But the Strontium 8GB MicroSDHC memory card is not working giving an error message "SD card is blank or has unsupported filesystem.". I will be thankful if you can replace me with a new card in the place of defective memory card which is not working.
Everything is fine but there are 3 observations which I have noticed.., 1. There is no option to switch sims. 2. As per specification screen size is 4.5 inches but touch options are on its screen only, so the effective screen size is 4.3 inches. 3. It's lagging the OTG function and gorilla glass.
Overall Nice device...more than satisfied at price point Pros: Amazing display though it has little less resolution. Battery lasts for 1Day easily, Good Call Quality & Signal strength. Option to expand storage Cons: Relatively less speaker sound compared to Spice Android one device
It is a okay phone but priced bit higher, may be 5K to 5.5K was fair enough. speed is good, looks ok, handy, photos clicked have come out well in day light, but not in dark, one more problem is it slightly heats up when downloading and charging also the back cover is a normal plastic. overall i would rate it 3.
The Normal thing like wifi, file system is not working properly. when i on wifi from from setting it found the device & connected with the wifi. but after some time (5 min max) it is gone or connection loss. after that wifi searching is not working. when i off then on the wifi its become search the device & connected. moreover, there are no file system like menu in the OS. so, could not able to access the memory card. it
Great !! must buy this product !! Used almost a month then submitting the feedback no lagging yet ! but i using only for checking email , whats app , browsing INTERNET , hiking and many more No not played single game yet . Will upgrade to Lolipop by later in January for free as Google promised .
Worst product, I have already dumped ot the battery does not even last 8 hrs without even using the phone, meaning even if I keep the phone idle without any phone calls or any usage - the battery dies in 8 hours. please take this phone back and give it back to chinese manufacturer. Thanks
Pro's Build quality is good. Display and touch is good Multitasking is fabulous Con's During call ear speaker gets heat. Low ram Otg not supported Worst camera experience Screen attracts finger print and glossy it makes viewing difficult in s Out doors.
I have been using this phone from a month. It is very good and absolutely worth the price.
I have to see the camera performance after 6 months usage time. Other apps user friendly.
Good for low skilled android user with high configuration,battery backup is only 30 hours.
i brought my micromax a1 mobile november 2014, since my kit kat working well,after loiipop up graded my micromax a1 mobile my simcard is not reading two ports not working, if i used same sim in other phone my sim is working, dont up date lollypop up grade, only up graded problem, please check up grade problem
Its nice phone......Nice front & back camera.......especially front camera is good.....amazing android stock.......I don't have any lag.......Thanks for android stock........there are minute problems are not support otg and battery is 1750 mah only it is bit less.......otherwise its a good phone to me..,.....
This is good phone in this range. I am using it from past 1 month but i never find any lag.Performance is good. Camera quality is not good as like other phones, but we can not except more form this price range phone. If you wifi and internet is on then you battery will dry up very fastly
Phone future is very good but buttery backup is very poor. Some time Google chrome is showing error that is unfortunately stopped. When SIM cards Memory is full with SMS then i can not delete any SMS, Same error showing that is Messages is unfortunately stopped while deleting SMS. Kindly solve this problems.
I am quite satisfied with the build quality and performance of this phone. The operation is quite smooth and I didn't face any such issues except for the camera which crashed couple of times while using the panorama/photosphere option. Overall quite satisfied with this phone - its undoubtedly value for money.
really i m impressed by this phone. i have about 20 days to use thos phone and i got no problem All apps are running awesome ly and before this i have grand quattro and some videos are not playing on quattro can easily played in this phone and camera is also pretty good.. really Awesome phone in this Price...
Can be always the latest Hmmm No frigging way.they made a fool out of me.no lollipop update yet.not even an announcement was made by google or micromax.google may have forgotten about it.please dont buy it.go for redmi 1s and install a custom rom on it. It is way better than this phone in every way
Excellent Product!! by Micromax worth of value Touch is so smooth, like butter. Sony E3 Dual (12,999) Vs Micromax A1 (6,499), both have approx.same Hardware config, E3 has more function & menus than A1 But as compare with price you will get same features in 6k (A1). I have both the phones
a awesome phone under 6500 1) no lacking 2) good battery backup 3) brilliant display 4) very good for gaming 5) clear camera (with feature of panorama,lens blur,photo sphere) 6) sleek design and the best part 7) software updates all over very good phone under 6500
As per the price it is a good phone except the thing the screen size is too large for 480 x 854 resolution. Either screen size should be 4.3 inch or resolution should be increased upto 960 X 540 (similar to Moto E). Otherwise in the price phone is good. Looks are good. As per hardware performance is ok.
I am very happy by this phone. Overall good in this budget.. stylish look of back side with camera.. and camera also having many functionality.. so, don't confuse if you looking a phone in this budget.. go for it.. Amazon delivery service is really fast...Received within 2 days only.. can't believe.. :)
i purchased this phone during Republic day Parade spl. sales. really worth it's price @ Rs5000/-.PROS: fast surfing, down load, smooth gaming experience. CONS: battery draining out quickly during Gaming than surf. a common phenomenon for almost all low end mobiles.otherwise a nice product. Thank you Amazon
This is a very nice phone at reasonable costs. To my mind, it is advisable to invest a moderate amount for a cell phone, as new models are constantly arriving in market. The cell phone can boast of latest features in a stylish way. Thanks to Amazon for excellent packing and delivery. I am totally satisfied.
Awesome phone at a low price....build is good with gud grip...OS us up to date hence no lags or problems...camera is gud in daylight and not so gud at night and dark places where flash is needed...battery backup is gud for non gamers but over a moderate use of net games etc will last around 13 hours max...
this is the best android in seris if androidone micromax will give 1gb ram,4 gb internal space only in 6499/ and gorila glass 3 is also comes with it best android one in all three phone micromax is the best and very good service of amazon best services in amazon
Awesome phone with stunning features - if we forget about the battey....really awesome...
Great phone just loved it...... Software and hardware both great.....Looks are very smart
Not for the high end users, but very much recommended for people who wants to give into the android experience and smartphone revolution. I doubt if micromax had anything to do with the product design and manufacturing except the annoyingly big logo at back (which could be easily covered with a good case).
Should be having the basic apps like video players, explorer, gallery, etc. There is no provision to add photos to the contacts. Also there is should be option to change the storage of card/phone for some specific features like message, photos, contacts etc. Leaving these its an amazing phone for the price
Good service from amazon, timely shipping and good packaging. The phone is well built, looks sturdy, not so chunky. The performance is also good. The metal paint on the camera bump is getting damaged. No drawbacks and no great features makes this an average phone but compelling device in this price range.
Don't think micromax is not a good brand. I am fully satisfied with the phone & also the delivery service of Amazon was excellent. Size of phone is less than Unit 2, . But, I like it bcz phone is comfortable in hand. I personally suggest that at this price , this phone is awesome.Don't go for others.
This phone is so good. But still it has to improve some features like (i) When Data is on then the Network icon does not give any symbol at 2G network. No "E" letter is showing beside Network symbol. (ii) It is a 4.5 inch Phone. But its screen size is less compare to the phone size.
First of all, KUDOS to amazon for delivering it within 12 hours. Great Job! As for the phone- this is arguably the best phone for its features around 6k. Camera isn't that sharp which honestly is expected in this price bracket. But otherwise, in terms of performance & build quality, the phone scores good.
The SD card given by the seller worked well for 2 weeks and suddenly one morning it stopped working and it displays insert SD card when tried to download age from watsapp even the card is present. This has disappointed me. I have to take it to the service center and spend time and energy to get it fixed.
the camera and android experience is good but the battery is not too good and I also got an eight GB memory card,i thought that it wiil be the best android one phone I went to the shop and they told that we should fully charge before using the phone.when you buy this phone you should also fully charge it.
I am using this handset since 1 week .everthing is fine. From gaming to music and movies .but at the 1st and 2nd day the fone getting hot while playing game like asphalt 8 ormodern combat 5 but after 2 days its fine. So if u r plannig to buy a budget fone . this is your best option . believe me go for it
It's a best amazing phone I've got last month. Best in class in this segment and budget. Good picture quality of camera and a good processor. No hanging up of phone till now which is seen in low budget phone. This low budget phone have most of things which you have prefer, so go for it. It's a best phone
Finally i got this phone Just now its looks very nice also the inner performance is very efficient. somebody saying it has LED lite but i didnt Identified. and one more Important thing if you use it without wearing the flipcover then the camera should be scratched so that camera touching to surface.
Over heating, poor mobile network reception, inaudible voice call,short lasting battery.
Sir, I dont know how this crack happen on the mobile when i was travelling in train. Mobile was in my shirt pocket. I went to Bhagwati Ent - Micromax Service stn at Borivali West. But the charge to replace the touch glass is Rs.1750/- which is very expensive. Can u help me resolve this issue.
This phone is best as my point of view. Its provide best Google services on my phone app. I have given 4 star as a rating point. I have faced one problem with this handset that i cannot receive any app from lower version of handset through Bluetooth or another micromax phone can't Share any app with me.
Its a superb mini Nexus. Don't get misguided with Micromx name as this is a Google product with just the name of Micromx printed. Best one in 6.5 price range. Awesum software n hardware. Will be the first one to get Software updates from Google. Rather than going with any other brands, go with this one.
When Micromax Canvas A1 with Android One (Magnetic Black) was launched initially about a month ago its was priced @ Rs.6499. Today on the sale day the rate is Rs.7499 & a discount of Rs.1000 on it. It Says You Save: 1,000.00 (13%) ...Funny Isn't it ??? Is this the way you offer discounts ????
Excellent service from cloudtail and amazon.Received the product before the expected delivery date. Nice phone.Google now and ok google are working fine.No hanging issue yet.Battery drains out quickly when surfing on internet.Headset quality is poor.One piece stops working when touching mic.Overall 4/5.
This is the product i was looking for... This is the value of money product... This is kind of nexus phone... this is awesome product... Camera is OK OK... Battery is good but it drain fast if you are watching HD you tube videos... Over all this is a very good product...
Using it from last 3 days and its working very well. Battery has back up of 24-30 hours depending on your usage. Using it on wifi and for calling and it working great. TIll now there is no problem error neither with phone nor with operating system. Android 1 is great and working fine. There is no lag .
Disappointing...wifi direct doesnt work.. no pre installed file manager..no gallery...bluetooth does not function properly...contact can only be saved into ur google account...can not click a single pic without memory card..only 2.05 gb user available memory though no idea what this space is given for.
Hi everyone.. Im very sad. I just purchased this phone 3 days ago.. Phone is not working properly. While taking picture flash option is not working. But itz working with video option. And I Bluetooth not working properly. While downloading mp3 songs it won't working.. Can anyone tel me ways d reason???
Nice looking phone. Doesent show any sluggishness, during regular use. Wi-Fi connections are vey stable, fully charged phone retains it for more than a day of my usage, which is regular calling and net access through wi-fi. UI is neat and responsive does not show lag. Overall pretty good for the price.
the product was defective with no functioning of ear better go for other brandspiece and low volume of microphone,and over heating of the phone,and for service through authorised service centere it will take 20,25 day due to lack of avalaibality of spares,i cant belive such complaints for a new phone,
I love this phone, is like good value of money, where you will get stock android experience . Phone is smooth , absolutely no bloatware. so almost zero lag. Camera performance is so so, but at this price it is manageable. Battery life is mediocre. For me this is the best phone from Micromax until now.
This phone is very good ,It has all the facility except video player and battery mah (It should be at least 2200 mah) . Itne kam paison me kya bache ki jaan loge kya. Now I request micromax company to tell me how to play FLV format video song , can you help me on my ID i.e. urchoudhary9@gmail.com
I received the product 4 days back and i am currently using but I guess I received the defective product as the phone hangs quite sometime, battery and speaker is also working properly. Although I also ordered other pieces of Micromax Android one all were working fine problem is with only one handset.
Its Great phone. But When Will its Flip Cover Available. Without that Its look bit odd.
worst in refund amazon.in
i purchashed this phone my friend but i got defective phone, when i charging that phone gets more heated,charge are not come for whole day only in standby mood ,so i returened the phone to amzone center mangalore,. iam very surprised &happy about their quick service ,i got money back only in 2 days.
Amazingly stylish and the latest version of Android phones. Features are d best compared to it's price. U can't get a better phone with these features at this price. Stuntingly different. Most importantly you will get automatic Google updates free for 2 yrs and this phone to receive the update first.
It is worth a buy in the price as it offers latest Android OS and promises future updates for next 2 years!! The rear camera is average, however the front one seems to be a better one. Overall an excellent budget phone. Kudos to Google for bringing Android One project to India.
Perfect package for a first time smart phone user. No hassles in usage, speed processing make life easy with this phone. Display is crisp and detail. I would say the best package you can get under 10k. The flip side is phone gets heated up quickly. And its internal memory is 2.2 gb.
Good Quality :- Picture Quality Best Processes Speed Best Not hang during Play Game.. Bad Thing:- Battery backup Camera not that much good (in this price its ok) Sound Quality not good.. In this price you can say that ..this is "Its OK" Mob
Recieved it on 11/10/14. This Prouduct from Micromax Is Thumbs Up. its Fast as ever. Android One is Just Awesome. Go for It if Your looking under 10k phone Didn't Check On Battery will update after a week The Price you Planning to spend on this Mobile is totally Justicable
Just unpacked it. Some serious issues with ( http://i0.wp.com/appslova.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/07/Screenshot_2014-07-09-19-52-14.png?resize=320%2C569 ) error 489. Could not be resolved. Had to take it to the micromax center who set it right. Wanted it to give it as a present. Could not do it.
Excellent phone. Heavy games like gta vice city and san andreas are running smoothly which couldn't run even on my galaxy grand. Very good phone for not only first time android user but also for those who want to buy a budget phone and confused between redmi 1s ,zenfone 4 and android one.
A very nice phone, running very smooth, touch is ossm, doesnt lag, battery performance is good, the only drawback is the Camera even after the availability of flash. Android One is very nice, its good to have only useful Apps. yea and got a 8 GB Micro SD Class 6 card free from the seller.
The screen got spoilt emediately n given it for repair n not got it back since 15 days
Only drawback is fast draining of battery. Otherwise product performance is very good
It's actually a poor choice. Not at all close to the expectation. If possible, I would love to return this. Issues: 1> Possibility of call getting dropped is 100% when your call is above 15 minutes. 2> Worst sound quality. 3> Display is equally of poor quality. 4> Android one promised to have the latest android version available immediately. It is not the case with this model.
Smooth touch screen with 8 GB SD Card free, Smart look, big screen easy to use. Only problem is with battery....charging is required every now and then...but in this price range...its completely value for money..we should not expect more in this price...in fact this is full paisa vasool phone.....
Very good phone with good specification in this price And giving the latest android version in this price is an added advantage. The only remaining thing is the unavailibility of tempered glass for this model. Hope company will provide it as soon as possible Thank you. :-)
Excellent mobile phone at this comprehensive price. Love it. And thanks to Amazon for exciting offer on this mobile. light weight mobile. Touch screen response is too good. Though camera clarity is not awesome, it is decent. Flash is +. Features are too good for this price. Awesome smart phone!!!!
good product totaly satisfied with it.it has a slim design,good ips display,nice camera,good earphone,nice responsive touch,loud and clear earpiece volume.the only thing according to me which could have been improved is the battery but it is satisfactory.overall a decent and good buy for the price
The WIFI of Micromax A1 does not work properly.It's remains off after a certain time.It makes very problem to me,because through WIFI I done my all internet work.I cannot understand how to solve this problem.If any one knows,how to solve this problem please help me.This handset disappointed me...
This is what amazing,I was using this phone now it was one month use super working no issue No other phone offers such specifications in a single device. Features like,4.5 inch HD display, 1.3 GHz quad core processor, and of course the 5 mp primary camera and the 2 mp secondary camera! Awesome phone with android one.if ur android lover just go for it.
I HV airtel and vodaphone sim. Whereas vodaphone give full signal, airtel give only one signal and the connectivity is poor and the internet is not possible. When called customers care for setting it says that the set is not compatible. Amazon pl help. J k Narang 9910044792
its a smart phone with a cool look and decent operating speed and good sound quality.
It is very marvelous & lovely smart phone its speed very fast the camera is very good
I would give it five star if it's battery lasts long.Moreover I can't expect more in this price range.Features are as given,u can get it from net, but user's experience u can't, so believe me it's a good phone in this price range otherwise you can have an expensive device with few more features.
I feel very nice to have this phone. slim ,large screen,no problem in operating.My kids also appreciated it and they are enjoying playing games and browsing through nets for entertainment and educational purposes too.. The only issue i find the company must increase battery backup..thanks..
Great phone at affordable price. I was really looking forward to the "Cast Screen" option under Display properties. But it did not detect my Chromecast. Other apps like YouTube etc detected and played smoothly but the in-built feature of casting own screen didn't work. Disappointed.
Happy with Phone, Not at all happy with Amazon as there was breach of commitment . There was an offer of Gift card worth certain amount as a part of promotional offer which i didn't get even after a month, when finally i contacted it will be given after 2 months . PATHETIC Experience - NO HAPPY
Best among all the One series phone, no problems at all, I was little skeptical about the product initially,but performance wise its beyond expectation at this price nothing could be better than this.4.5" screen, fastest performance (at this price range), Folks what else you want GO GRAB IT.
awsome phone ...but there is a problem...whenever i want to transfer songs through usb from my laptop to phone it showing that this file will nt support your device....but that songs when received by bluetooth are playng on my phone..so what is the problem can anyone suggest how i can solve this
I found this phone excellent communication n this price range. Its processor,camera , touch all are up to the expectation. I bought it from amazon on 16th sept and received on 19th morning. But didn't got my SBI card 10%cashback & Rs.2000 vouchers on amazon. Hope I would be getting them soon...
I bought this for my mom as she play lots of games and this is the best for her however it dosnt have gallery inbuilt. We have to download it from the store and you know when you get these things from store u get ads free with it. So its a good phone but they should think about the gallery part.
For a 6k phone it's pretty good good screen quality decent speed impressive specs removable battery and expandable memory are a major plus point, but makes the phone a bit bulky. If you're searching for a mid sized, not expensive, stock android phone, this is the one.
Had some expectations about positives and negatives (given the price range). None of the weaknesses (such as low light image capture) are any worse than expected. Some positives e.g. display, robustness to being dropped, call quality, speaker are much better than expected. Good value for money.
I am using this mobile till 25 days and love this mobile and working well so, this is totally google developed apps and i really satisfied, don't expect high level camera quality and also working two micro sims 3g compatible. Thanks to micromax and Amazon. Shaik Mastan Vali, Ongole.
Awesome phone only battery and little heating is problem. Battery is lasts only for a day on normal usage approx 2.5 hr of internet with other usage . heating is not too much high only heated when u will use during charging up to 40degree which can afford able other performance are excellent.
USB not connected. Blue tooth data transfer can't be done. When contacted the service centre to change the phone they refued by saying it was more than seven days after purchase. I did not expect as new phone not working its function. Actually we left to native place immediately after purchase.
The phone is only for beginners i feel.... it gets hanged up if u do more than 3 tasks simultaneously.... volume n camera is good enough... grouping of apps should be given i felt...battery life is very average, it drains soon.... only for beginners, but in general a good phone to start with.
Good phones considering the price.... Only issue is the sound... Keeps flickering like lights....on it's own..... Heats up very quickly, battery runs out in less than a day..... Maybe they have put in too much for too little Speed is good.... Functions. Just as well as any other android
A1 provides a good smart phone experience. Recommended and recommending to my friends and relatives. But what is surprising is that Google's "Android One" ad in TVs and newspapers do not seem to convey the message clear and it is not converging to the idea which it wants to promote.
doesn't have file manager, net speed also slow .I suggest that no one buy this phone
Great phone in this cost. But battery back is not as per expectations.. Otherwise OK
Micromax Canvas A1 is good phone, having all the features of a Smart Phone. The batter backup is ok, but not great. But I have not been able to send/receive messages on Whats App through Mobile Data Network while I am on Roaming. I don't know whether this phone is compatible with that or not.
Display is good Performance is good and supporting of apps and games are good and performance is also good negatives while charging any operation is done then the heat generated is very more likely in micromax devices speaker is a little bit on the slower side
i'm very happy wid the phone !! i bought dis at republic day parade sale n got it for RS 4,999! im dissapointed wid amazon coz they had promised me to give a flip cover wid the phone for free but they dint give one!! instead they gave an memory card!!! no cons the phone is superb!!
- Good phone considering the price. - Interface is similar to Nexus. - Battery has a problem but every smart phone has problem, battery drainage depends upon the usage, - Best thing is that it will get regular update for almost 2 years. - Front camera is nice. - Touch response is fast.
unfortunately.. this phone has given me lot of trouble.. and surprisingly..this phone has stopped working and i am wondering that why the hell did i put my money on buying this set...this phone has not even completed 1 month and it has turned into a box..because its not getting switched on..
I m surprised when i m touch this phone the touch is buttery soft and evrything is awesome very nice gaming control with help of 1 gb ram and quad core processor with 1.3 Ghz clock speeed capture every moment in hd with 5 mp camera and led flash looks are also awesome everyone buy this phone
superb phone..must go for dis..battery life life is awesome..led abv the screen, etc... perfect for professional user...sm ask for playing game..bt in dis range u can't expect to play asphalt 8 and all other high end games...look also is fantastic..JUST GO FOR DIS..IT'A FULL PAISA WASOOL phn
Its supper Mobile but one problem with this hand set we can't send contact via SMS if necessary copy contact and past then we can send, and their is no gallery, file manager so these 3 apps should be inbuilt other wise every thing is OK, cost also supper Thanks micro max and amazon. Com
Best budget smartphone... When this amazing phone not launched i recommended every one to buy moto e as a budget smartphone but when google one launched my recommendation is also get changed...if u guys also want to buy a budget smartphone i forcly recommended this amazing smartphone...
Simply and Easy. Light weighted mobile to handle. OS - Interface is fluid to access the apps 3G - On Both SIM Battery - 1 Day for basic Multitasking and good if you stop backgrd apps running or Auto Updates As overall it was good and worth for this Price tag!!
Hi, I got this phone yesterday and it is beyond my expectation. It is a superb phone in this price. Touch, look and feel of the phone, accessories, battery, display all are superb. Camera is also fine in this price range. I'll recommend it to buy to everyone over there.
gud 1 @ this price...bt I cant assign ringtone other dn inbuilt ones...pics clarity is ok...battery gets heated quickly...speaker is litl bit disturbing...cant play on full volume...I just use to rcve the call..so its ok 4 me...no games no apps on it...it wont wrk without xternal memory too.
This is a great phone, I bought it so that I could use the two SIM feature while I'm in the UK, one UK SIM and one AT&T US SIM. So far no problems and it seems to be quite sensitive, maybe better than my Motorola Atrix which always seemed better than other folks phones in low signal areas.
Best mobile that fits the budget, Its flawless except sometimes it gets slightly heated when playing games continuously. Since its a google product, this phone gets all updates quicker than other phones. If you want to get a quality smart phone that fits budget, you can surely go for this!
There was a display bug but after doing hard reset didn't faced any problem till now moreover there are Two con's first battery and second one is that if you eject SD card it takes very much time to read it after all its mediatek CPU can't expect much still its Value for Money good Product
Nice phone...but not up to expectations. Stock android works smooth... No lag.. Bluetooth does not work properly... Poor signal reception... Sometimes internet connection is very slow.. I heard only around 1.34 lac canvas a1 sold. Price should be around 5000 inr...
I am purchase this phone last month . When I running my phone there is a problem of Signs of R- Roaming and G/E/H/3G - Internet . And there also a problem is that the color of signals of sims is not changing at all . If there is any solution of there problems then contact me at 09808537964
Please do not purchase this phone. Getting extremely heating up while charging, and the battery life is not more than 1 hour in any case. And now the applications are also not working properly. Even I cant play the songs. Only 13 days gone , and my product goes down.
Working performance is good. Only problem is with the screen little scratches, scrathes even though using the phone carefully.bad battery backup. ringtone settings not possible for our music songs, some applications are defaultly storing in phone's memory not able to shift to SD card.
awesome phone, itzzzzzz really worth for which i am paying. nice camera, good screen resolution, lite weight, i purchased this phone only to play asphlat 8 game i felt there will be a lag. but it working really good, hence it proved even this phone supports good resolutions games and all. Some crashes are there need to be fixed but at this price the phone is really worth
While the phone hardware and software is decent, the wifi performance is dismal. My phone is never able to connect to my wifi. Tried restarting, resetting my router, etc but to no avail. Unfortunately, my refund window has gone past as well. Yes to contact Micromax and get this sorted out.
Phone is OK,BT y iam not able to download anything from playstore getting error msg(error 489) and also not able to use messenger services in my mobile like wtsapp viber etc,through mobile network (2g,3g) and it's working perfectly fine with wifi,any solutions from any one will be helpful.
Good built quality. Packed with all necesary features. No lagging while using, smooth gaming experience as well. Battery lasts for a day and half, or so, with regular use. Guys, before going for comparison with any other phone, make sure you are comparing with same price range.
This is perfect Value for money kind of mobile - having really good features, smoothness in operating, up-gradable facilities. I am highly recommending this mobile to everyone who is looking for budget mobile with good features. Happy to have this in my pocket. Kudos the team :)
when I use this phone initially it's gud... mobile features, screen camera gud.. but the worst thing in this Mobile is heating problem during using during charging in both conditions.. network capacity is low. battery backup is worst ever... but overall this mobile is gud for this prize..
or 6k bucks if ppl are hoping fr a wonderful camera and a powerful battery then its their mistake,a1 is a beautiful phone with no lags even while playing FIFA 14 n nova 3.switching between apps is awesome,n amazon did an excellent job by delivering the product on the date promised by them
nice product by Micromax at this range almost 2 week it's working fine till now, as usual every micromax phone has battery issue same continues to this phone too 1700MAH is too low. About Amazon : Product delivered with in 2 days, will rate Amazon 5/5 for the service
Phone looks good. But it is very hard to set a customize ringtone. I checked with Amazon every now and again for flip case cover but the answer is no. But other Android model which launch along with this model they do have flip case cover. But still I would rate 5 ***** coz phone is good.
Look and feel are good.screen size is also proper.touch sensor good.software support all most but laging some game like temple run.only big issue in battery its not backing well.full charge battery can stay max to max two hour.battery discharge very fast.please decide well before buying.
Good Design and Good look..... Not as operator friendly as Samsung galaxy mobiles. Following options lag * No auto call rejection option. * Cant able to set mp3 ringtones. * Output sound is not as much clear. * Basic apps to be get download such as file manager, memo.
Good buy at this rate with all android features as generally people need mobile or any phone for Calling / receiving Msg Now newly what's up , gmail , google only thing is it doesnot have Flip cover, Battery to be recharged after 6/8 hrs. At 6459 product is ok ..
No problem so far. Good to handle. Battery lasts for 12 hour even after heavy use.
not good .... slow process and even coupans (amzon) is completely waste
THE MOBILE IS BEING SOLD FOR ITS ANDROID SOFTWARE ONLY. THE BUILD QUALITY IS POOR AND MAY NOT LAST LONG. THE MICRO MAX COMPANY SHOULD PUT MORE EFFORTS TO IMPROVE THE MATERIAL AND BUILD QUALITY TO IVE VALUE ADDITION TO THE CUSTOMERS WHO HAVE PUT FAITH IN THEM BY BUYING THE MOBILE HANDSET
Nice phone...the only thing missing is lack of back covers, flip covers and bumpers. Camera is also OK. Don't compare this 8mp with other flagship models with similar specs. I think its good budget phone. At same price Xiomi Redme is better specs and camera. But its chinese.
1.Good touch response. 2.Bad flash at night times 3.good support from Google 4.Nice performance of processor. 5.Low battery backup. 6.Finishing with rubber on backside no scratches. 7.comfort fit in hands. 8.no default alarm 9.Good speakers sound.
I just started using it and it looks good from general Android perspective. Good phone for reasonable price. Only two thing I have encountered problems with.. 1) slot for memory card is so delicate that it looks like it will break. This generates some doubt of design of the phone. 2) Some time Blue tooth transfer is not working as it works on other phones.
Man u just cant stop buying this best of the class cheapest affordable mobilephone! Its sexy its sleek stylish wonderful with extremely fluidic touch and impressive display. If ur an app freaky it might cost u bad but for preliminary level mobile lovers this is the best in the market!
totaly money waste phone I have use ever....phone over heat when play high definition gme...battery drains very fast specially when u surf Internet... bad ear phone quality...camera quality is below average... sound from speaker isn't clear....bla bla bla...this phone deserve kick.....
The phone feels good.. works good...but BATTERY SUCKS.. it doesnt even last for 4 hours... i have to carry a power bank all the time. Recently the phone is facing Wi Fi Connection problems. The phone is a nice attempt from Micromax but it should have been better..
I have purchased 3 Canvas A1 mobiles, one for me and other for my friends. I got phones on the very next day of booking, suuuperfast delivery by amazon. I was stunned at the features we get for 6.5K. The camera is very good. Photo quality is good. Kitkat rocks. Touch is also very good.
I got my phone within 48 hrs of placing my order.. The phone is amazing.. Display is too good at this price. The phone doesn't lags at all.. Some sad things are like it tells 4gb ROM but only 2.2gb of internal storage for apps is there.. Don't know where is the rest storage space. I searched for it everywhere but couldn't find out that.. One more disappointing thing for me was that my speaker was not working properly.. The sound is like its the worstest because it making an unpleasant (jhar-jhar) sound.. Except that the phone is just wow.. Go for it.. May the problem with the speaker would only be with mine.
So far....Good...better ..than i expected....Battery ain't that bad, with single sim around 1- 1.5 days guarantee...But if you are a person who like to use many apps, internal storage is a bit less... Camera good.... Got lollipop update recently...not used to it to give a review.
this is a good phone except its poor battery service and average camera....i was very happy with this phone till i discovered its bluetooth was not working...may b i'v got a faulty device nd having headache to fix it as u know micromax's customer is one of the worst services in India.
Good budget smart [hone, howevr lacks battery performance, with normal data usage & not much of video play, battery lasts for half a day only. Need to enhance battery capacity. Sometimes its hanging when while doing somthing a call is received, phone is not responding to attend calls.
Nothing like anything.. battery sucks, even underclocking doesn't improve it. Performance is too good, playing high end games is butter smooth, design isn't impressive, and there is flash but the picture quality is not as good as in moto e. Overall i wish i had bought any other mobile
It is a great phone and was more than i expected. The phone has met my expectations but Amazon didnt.i haven't received the offer coupons supposed to be given by amazon worth 2000 nd it has been 20 days...i m an avg user and the battery life stands for one day...DEFINITELY SATISFYING!
A very good product from Android One & MMX . The only disappointment for me is the Battery Backup . Rest ...I can understand that if I'm spending only 6.5k Bucks from my pocket then 1GB RAM , QUAD CORE processor etc is the best of the best what I can demand for .Thumbs UP.
Very good at this price.only disappointed with battery it should be more durable.
At this price range a very good phone. Battery is also good unless we play games.
within a week my mobile hanged and screen shows only black.might be display gone.
An awesomen phone at the given price! Display is awesome Sound clarity is good OS is stick android hence fast and doesnt lag even if huge games are played Touch response is awesome Battery life is little low should always carry a charger in handy.
Mobile on-off switch is not working since day 1. I gave it in Micromax authorized service center they require 10- 12 long days to do just that. Battery life is very poor. drains in just 4 hours. For the price of INR.6499 it is a good phone with smart features.
Best camera clarity with super hardware support. Upgradable os is good. Can support all android app. It's a budget phone. All features are good with fully loaded. It has to improve ram and internal memory. Display has to increase more then it looks good. Over all it's a budget phone.
Pros Good phone it generally meets all expectations. Storing and downloading apps easy. Video calling is good and even all the apps function very well. Cons Ringtone volume less. Front camera Overall a very good phone. Value for money.
It's really a good android phone at such a competitive price! only thing bothering me is a suitable flipcover which I can't find in the shop.The related DMG Leather Belt Clip Holster Pouch cover for Micromax Canvas A1, I' ve purchased from Online is not user friendly to that extent.
Very good android phone in this budget...............damm cool Unbeatable price for such a nice and good phone........ For all those who want to get a android phone which can even beat the phones double to its price........Go for it. I can assure you will never regret.
Micromax Android Phone is very gud looks stylish....only front camera & battery backup is nt so gud...rest all the functions are gud...Amazon courier service is very bad its took almst a week for delivery my phone..bt packing & customer supports are amazing....txs micromax & amazon.
it is a very nice phone at this price..absolutely no lag..display is awesome,it has notification led also which was not mentioned though..the only con is that the speaker is just back such that it is not audible when it rings when in a little noisy environment...else everything nice
Best phone to buy in this range...actaully amazed to see with fully loaded features with this price bracket...I would say a junior nexus......Good screen with good touch response....And truly the best feature is we dont have to change the phone for next 2 years......its android one
This is definitely a good buy, particularly in this price range.. Few things could have been better particularly in the appearance.. position of the cam, the way the cam part is designed, glossiness of the body etc... Performance has been great so far & just hope that continues..!!
Nice Product in the range of 6000/- Looking good and working awesome.
I am surprising after using Micromax Canvas A1 with Android One (Magnetic Black)
Super good phone for the price. i only felt Honor Holly of Huawei as an equally good phone at this price range. But Huawei does not have enough Service centers in our country. so i choose Micromax Canvas A1. Very good product. this is the 3rd Canvas A1 i am purchasing for friends.
I got this device on 21 October and when i started using it i was totally suprised like "WoW" its just like a small version of nexus 5 really man this device is really smooth in work n very handy n trust me guys it really an awesome smartphone i've ever used at this price
Micromax always Cheated with the customers ......when I using internet on my A1 than network automatically goes down. Same happens when I m going access Internet on other sim on same phone...so it's worst phone Don't even think to buy it.......Your welcome B Honest
Amazing smart phone for any average user. This phone is very much worth the price. Glad that Google came up with this idea of budget android phones for Indian users. Only thing which Google can work upon is enhancing the battery life of this phone. Thumbs up for the Android One!!!
MY SATISFACTION 100% Only one word to say ( SIMPLY WOW ). Google's best and budget friendly product ever made. Even better than its Competitor- SPICE DREAM UNO and KARBONN. Amazon delivery is also superb ONLY 2 DAYS From order placed. Thank You
Features of phone are fantastic with latest spec.If battery power would be increased, then it will be the best.I have not received the bundled offer with that phone i.e 300 MB data from Airtel and coupon of Rs. 2000/- and 10% cash back for purchasing the item thru SBI credit card.
Got this phone on 20th Sep. 2014. Very fast processor, never got hanged till date. Installed many apps but still the same. Support Full HD + always the newest android for 2 years. A bit different from other Micromax models, few things similar to HTC Desire. But fully recommended.
Sorry to inform that it was not upto my expectation.. After using another model for 2 years, many features are not in Canvas... esp in selecting addressees for sending messages.. Sending Gr messages are very difficult. More friendly features should be incorporated... very sorry.
Speakers went faulty after 3 weeks of use. Customer service repaired the phone for free however it took 2-3 hours for my turn to explain the problem to the engineer. There was a huge rush at the customer service centre. I guess people are having trouble with Micromax phones.
This is an excellent phone with lots of features. I think it's value for money. The battery backup is fab and let's u work for a day with out charging the phone. There is one problem with the phone that it does not allow to play music as are ringtone. And a thumbsup to amazon. :)
Micromax Canvas A1 is very good android phone. Never hanging. And its camera result is so good like other.and also battery much powerful better than Samsung.and its price is very cheap less than other phone.and I ordered second new phone white canvas A1 yesterday. For my uncle...
I am using it for last 2 weeks. The touch screen is quite good. The display is awesome. The 1 GB RAM makes the gaming and browsing fast. The battery does not last long. If you want to spend long hours playing games or surfing a power bank is necessary. The Camera is satisfactory.
Excellent I got it on 10 th Oct.2014, absolutely so issues. Just recently got Lollypop upgrade. Multiple apps at a time no lagging. Only battery is not sufficient when data is used continuously through out the day. Otherwise i am enjoying it for such a price. Worth every penney.
No issues as of yet.. Working fine. Drawback : it feels plastic and micromax quality is a bit downside. but never less what more can you ask from a phone which does so much for so lees. Overall a great device will last for 2 years if no physical damage done
The phone is best in its price range , it offers a decent camera , screen and also the plus point is that it gets direct updates from google upto 2 years . so i would recommend this phone to all who want buy a phone at gets updates fast and has decent hardware to do all stufs.
good product ..worth the price.. it has a sar rating of 0.91 to moto e's 1.5 and redmi 1s's 1.3... so if you do not want to microwave cook ur balls go for the micromax...
Like this phone. Excellent performance,battery life and camera quality. Google certified hardware separates this phone from other Micromax phone, also got Lolipop update. Found the deal on http://couponaddicts.in/Amazon-coupons and this is my Third purchase of this same model.
betst product in this prize. ram,screen and processor is is best. only weak point is battery. internet work with super speed. games and app work without any lags. and best thing is android lollypop coming soon for this deviece. u like it go for it.
Awesome phone in this range with Android kitkat 4.4.4. Awesome look, processor is fast and smoothly runs heavy apps. Camera is also good. Got 8 GB memory card free, courtesy of Amazon :) Among all the 3 android one phones : Karbon, Spice and Micromax, this one is best
firt first smart phone ever...its performance is good..no lag while touching..sound performance is somewhat ok..but the battery drains out quickly while using internet and hearing songs..no heating issues and a better smart phone at reasonalble price...thumbs up to this phone..
Its a DUAL Sim Phone but can't keep 2 separate ring tone for each SIM as want to keep one SIM on Silent mode, Camera is average, It hangs, some time do not response then have to remove battery to normalize, Micromax support is not upto satisfactory so better think twice to buy.
Really I am happy with the performance of canvas A1.The only defect was the camera was not up to the mark.Light weight may be due to 1700 mah battery.May I get table talk flip cover for it from any site or compatible one.Thanks google for providing such a beautiful instrument.
Product Micromax Canvas A1 with Android One is Very very Good but one problem with this phone and problem is there is no file manager and you cant click a pic without memory card and no store any data in internal memory but this good for better performance. thank you
No other device can beat this one (atleast nowadays). There are tons of good aspects of this device mentioned in all the previous reviews, so I'm just mentioning cons I found with this device. CONS: -None Really. Go for it...you will not regret!
good,smooth and round finish.... but only thing that....disapointed me was that.....the area around camera...was not..a wood..finish.....instead it was copper finish........rest all gud... battery runs satisfactorily...if no 3g is used...in 3g battery drains out fast
At this price..probably the best, but battery is a definite downer. There is sim card issues,when connecting to internet it frequently gets connected from the other sim giving u heavy data charges plus I still have not received the 10% cash back even after 15 days of purchase.
The battery consumption is very quick, and so it requires more frequent recharge than what we have been doing in our other phones. Further, typing, wherever required is cumbersome, and takes a lot of time. May be some increase in key-board size shall solve the typing problem.
This is nice phone still my sim card is in process of activation but the other features are simply awesome . Best value for money phone and if you are afraid of Micromax's name then trust me LG was nothing before nexus Google knows to take care of own brand name !!!!
Good Phone go for it Pros, Very Speed Musti taks no lags cemara also decent good in call quality good battery back up Cons no Flip cover avilable in market better if amazon release along with no gorilla glass
Yes, this is the phone I wanted. This is a personal phone. Hence you should hear music with earphone only. Connectivity is fast. Good camera. All are requested not to write their review ,without understanding the phone. I salute team of Google, Micromax and amazon .
after 2 months back camera stopped working showing this error "cannot connect to camera " and sent this phone to service center . wasted my money and now wasting my time in travelling to service center which is like 60 km away from my town and always over crowded :(
Best mobile at this price range..but very poor battery backup and my charger was not working after 2 months. I went to the micromax service center, they provided me compatible charger not the original one and it's charging my phone very slowly. Camera is very everage quality.
Everything is good, specially at this price. Only issue is battery backup which hardly last for 24 hours without using it much. Even if you close location services, mobile data etc, it will be discharged before day end. Not getting updated to lollipop yet.. waiting for it....
Very nice product with good processor. Only problem is Micromax branding which is why I was hesitant to go for it. However trusting Android (google) helped to take the decission which paid off perfectly. Stock android smoothness will overshadow even the high end phones.
Its fantastic....i purchsed in oct 2014. N all results are etreemly very good.
i purchased it on last 15th oct 2014 after one month it does not work properly
Perfect.Phone looks big and nice in your hand. display is nice. sound is good.
A decently good smartphone but the battery drains out heavily, actually very heavily. Camera performs decently. This Phone comes loaded with many of Google apps. This is my honest review. And a good android experience. And i am writing this review via the Micromax canvas one
I would really like to thanks to AMAZON for the best services. Be it product quality, price, delivery time ... everything is excellent. I hope this relation will grow more n more like a tree and one day will have strong roots of trust. I love you AMAZON. Excellent services.
The basis feature for native 3G video calling from the dial pad must be included in any 3G enabled phone. Most of the service providers offer 3G Video calling packs which has no meaning in this phone. You have choose internet video calling for this which is a major drawback.
Good phone for this range Micromax canvas A1 is gonna rule above 5k range over all phones. touch response is good, battery backup is not so good can last for 12 hours once charged, camera is good enough for this range Can go with the mobile with no hesitation
A good phone with this price range. All features are exciting. But the main drawback is low battery power. It drains fastly. It is below expectations. It is the important feature and cant be neglected while purchasing a smart phone. Micromax should reslove this in future.
have to set the volume, brightness and other settings manually after evrytime the power saving mode is turned off or full charge. battery life is ok but not that good. game sounds are turned off in the game settings....still we can here the game music and sounds.
I compared this one with the micromax unite 2 which has the same hardware as this mobile.I found that , the untie 2 was very laggy and the UI was not smooth whereas this is totally fast. Thanks to Google for the software optimization. Waiting for the 5.0 update.
Better display and performance in the price range. Feels nice in Hand and stock Android lives up to the expectations. Only backdrop is that the Camera, although functional but could have been better i.e like in Micromax Unite 2. Otherwise everything is better than Unite 2.
Loving new android one ,still under observation process just 2 days i got my hand on it. Both sim is 3G supportable speed is lightning and 1 GB ram is showing its class. Camera quality is awesome have to download some basic application a must buy for medium budget category
Nice phone at this price. No lagging at all & good performance. Though as committed by google that Andriod one will get the update as soon as it release, that is not the case here as I purchase the cell somewhere in November & got the Andriod 5.1 lollipop last month.
A good phone at the this price range. But phone lacks good display quality, camera is poor , no gorilla glass and battery drains faster with mobile data (1700mAH). But overall its a budget 'google' phone and best buying at the price of 6.5k. I am happy buying this phone.
Android one is the best phone under ₹7000 .its gives all features that a person want in his smartphone including latest software , camera , latest android i.e. android L . one thing that i love about this phone that its a device frm google n will recieve all updates first
One of the best & worth buying of android A-1 of micromax. Really worth for u r money. This is a good mobile those who are switching from basic model to smart phone. Very affordable price,rich look, sleek,light weighted & a great challenge to the other companies mobiles.
Everything is fine in this phone..in this rate phone is superb.but I saw 3 demerit 1.u can't make a song as a ring tone 2. No device manager 3. Can't access internal memory. Since 3 weeks I am using this phone, other things except above 3 is excellent.
Its a nice phone, superb smooth touch and lightening speed, camera quality needs little improvement especially in night, pics are not that bright and clear even using flash. otherwise for a newcomer like me who is using smartphone for first time, its great experience.
Worth for the money.. Good budget phone for low end users.. I'm using this for past 3 months. No Performance issues. Battery wise 23hrs (Just calls/messages with wifi up all the day). Users who require just basic phone functionalities, small games and apps can go for it.
Nice phone, with all features of a smart phone. Most apt size for office goers. Fits in pocket. Only issue is battery. It drains fast. Feel like carrying a power bank along with phone. Otherwise good smart phone in budget price. Best one to who wish to keep upgrading
good mobile at an afforadable cost..too slim and weight less...interface is good compare to old micromax mobiles..value for money. one disadvantages it does doesn't has the option to change the ringtone...we have dowload the music player and then have to change it..
I can't see many posts of my friends on FB and WhatsApp due to not support of Punjabi. Although Samsung, Apple, Blackberry etc provides Punjabi. It is a bad experience for me. I can't find any other drawback in this great device. No heating issue. Great performance.
Best thing about the product is that its an android one phone and will soon be getting Android L. Have used it for a week now , so far very satisfied. Highly recommend to people who doesn't want to spend 20-30 k on a phone. , that does the same job as this one.
camera quality is very good android user interface is excellent display clarity is very nice as compared to competative phones in this price i dont know thus the android update which time will come as a android user this mobile is very superb for normal and heavy usage
Purchased one month back the day one mobile got problems, handed over to micomax service center in Bangalore on 22.10.2014, till day not received any information from service center.However my complete family using micromax mobile,I lost interest on brand micromax.
Phone is good, with the Android os it is obvious to work good. 8GB card provided with the phone was very useful. One thing I was disappointed was to see "made in china", my choice to go with Micromax considering Indian company has gone for a toss. Phone is good.
Everything is awesome in this phone apart from the speaker volume. Its very low due to which sometimes, when its in your pocket, you won't make out that its ringing. But still works out perfectly for me as I keep the vibrate mode always ON. One star less for the volume.
No sim card is working after updating to android 5.0 . Is there any solution
Everything is fine except for the battery issue as it lasts only for 5-6 hrs
It is Good phone.... but there is heating issue in this phone after using...
Worst mobile. It has a speaker problem. i have given it to service center to resolve the issue. MicroMax service center people are taking too long time... even they don't know when the spare part would be available. wasting of time with macromax... even with amezon.com
Product is good...Easy to carry and use....delivered within time....Great features in this budget.....camera quality a little low but is great with in this amount..... Amazon:delivered it safe and sound execept They have not given me the discount coupans yet.,,,,,
The phone is awesome, but the problem is it doesn't grasp the signals Properly. I've tried changing the sim cards, but the same problem persists with both the slots. Didn't expect this from this phone. I hope many have this problem. Micromax please look into this issue
Yes, the cell phone is good but I have found some issues over wifi. When I switch on the wifi at my residence and also in my cell phone it does not connect, so I have to restart my cell phone and then it gets connected. Leaving that, overall its a good phone.
PROS: 1. Good camera 2. Uses less data (so you can keep your data switched on all the time!) 3. Has not got hanged (till date.. since 1.5 months) CONS: 1. User Interface is a bit confusing. Not that user friendly 2. Battery is weak
Fone is nice. But there is something missing that is file manager. all images,videos opens. like samsung videos and images of whats app shows in different folder. and we can make folders of pics, videos & mp3 files separately, that thing is not in this fone.
Gifted phone to my parents. In one of the phone, I had a problem with internet connections and returned the same. The other phone is running as per my expectation and really a value for money deal.. I haven't faced any problem with it till date and works really well..
Phone is awesome.Its very classy and stylish. Doesn't hangs,Smooth functioning. Everything which u need is present. Its quite HEAVY & since buttons are in screen so viewing screen is quite small. 2g Net speed is quite low. Besides its perfect.
here is voice recorder, file manager, music player, video player etc??? Is that company defect or one type of idea to save data space. Or only my handset is defective. PLC answer my question on 9033973158 WhatsApp..... U will b very great full for me...
Just got the phone from amazon ...it was a gift to my dad and his first android . he was very happy to see this phone said this is what he always wanted. me as a old android user also happy with phone . THANK YOU amazon , google and micromax for brilliant phone.
the phone looks are good but phone had a lot of problem in it.. But the main p problem out had many software errors . Even after factory reset of the phone for 6 times it does not go m. Please do think twice and ask a user before purchasing the phone ..
Great phone......fits perfectly into normal hands. The design, UI, camera, speed everything is up to the mark. You cannot ask for anything else in this price segment. Waiting for Lollipop update......Thumps up for Micromax and Thumps up for Android Service........!!!
Dear All, no Doubt Micro max canvas A1 in better than our expectations .all feathers is good but its data consumption is too good. But In the same airtel offer ,we have not found.more conversion with airtel. so over all Mobile is good still airtel offer is fake.
i bought this product two times, first time i found irresponsibal touchpad which was so frustating that i coundn't keep that set, 2nd time phone's speaker were cracking and you can only here the cracks while playing the song i wish i could give it zero star
Indeed a phone with all the features that you can really fall in love with. Only one thing sometimes I find a small problem is that the speaker is at the back of the phone which reduces the sound. Yet,its the best Android phone you can find at such a price.
Great phone runs games smoothly, (tested pes 2011 and nfs mw). headset is not that bad . putting the screen guard on was an issue. also we need to cut our sim to micro sim. the packaging was only a cardboard box. but it was not damaged in any way. a great phone
Very pathetic service by amazon....but thanxxx to this mobile its great....
The background: Reasons to be excited about a more open smartphone ecosystem built for everyone. Android is a strange beast. At times powerful, at times frustrating- but ever evolving, ever improving and lucky for all of us an open ecosystem which anyone can tinker around with. Whether you are a software engineer with decades of programming experience wanting to build the next must-have application or just a user using a smartphone for the first time, wanting nothing more than a way to keep in touch with people you care about on the other side of the world, the operating system has something for everyone. Part of what makes it so interesting and unique is its underlying linux philosophy of letting people use the system the way they feel fit and not enclosing them in virtual walls with the overall experience decided on by some inner circle of engineers (which also has its positives, but the cost of such a restricting system, in my opinion, is too great for progress to be truly made- not just progress in the eyes of one company but the chaotic, sometimes feverish progress made when people are allowed to truly mess around with the object in their possession). And while android has always stood for that vision, nothing yet has shown us a clearer vision of a future of ubiquitous handheld computing than android one. The reason I believe this is that google has finally fashioned a smartphone for everyone- for the farmer in the fields, for the shopkeeper or your favorite kirana store, building a phone with one of the most important metric: the cost of entry to the ecosystem in mind while simultaneously ensuring standards in place so as to make sure the overall experience is consistent. Unlike most other phones in this price segment containing similar specifications, what google has essentially achieved is the consistency of the end user experience no matter where they get the phone from. What you get when you buy this phone is not just a piece of hardware with a long list of specifications but also the software and the future- the software that makes or breaks the user experience and the oh-so-important guarantee of a future where you are not left in a lurch holding a piece of hardware with impressive sounding specifications without the actual software to leverage the advantages of the ecoystem. This phone basically comes with a future guarantee of not just the hardware but also the overall software that connects you to the rest of the world, which I would wager is much more important metric of building a good device than just hard performance numbers (just look at the memory included with the iPhones until a few years back- it often had half the hard specifications compared to comparable android variants and yet the User experience was nothing short of amazing). Google has finally understood that when it comes to the general populace, its not enough to just build a robust operating system- you have to ensure a minimum level of after-sales-service to go with it while simultaneously ensuing standards on the hardware front to make sure you are not left in a lurch holding a white elephant in your hands. I have always felt that hardware need only be powerful enough to support the software to run unrestricted for the foreseeable future to ensure a good user experience at prices everyone can afford. The two year update plan for Android one and minimum requirements on the hardware front ensures that while you may be buying the phone from a company that put the hardware together (and isin't all that interested with what happens on the software side of things), you still get the care expected from something much higher end (think of either nexus from google or the iphone from apple where the updates are managed properly). You buy the future when you get this phone- not all that bad for such a low price, to make sure you can still have meaningful exchange with your friend, your son or your girlfriend on the other side of the globe or the house next door. This is what is exciting about the phone- not the specs, not the build itself (though it is extremely robust on both the fronts). The phone itself: Not perfect but it needn't be The phone, which I have been using for the past few days as my primary driver, is surprisingly full featured. I have used all of the high end smartphone offerings and I am happy to say this phone does not disappoint. It has nearly every feature you would need to ensure a smooth daily interaction with anyone on any part of the world and not want to pull out your hair in agony with underperforming performance. The Pareto principle comes to mind whenever I think of this phone. It goes something like this: 80% of performance may be achieved at 20% of the cost (if you do your engineering right). The hardware side of things are pretty robust, a middle of the road processor, respectable quantity of memory to multitask without getting the system to a crawl and connectivity options that are most important right now for a country like India (wireless as well as 3G). While it falters with the onboard storage (at 2.3GB usable), it is somewhat placated by the addition of SD card- personally if I had to make engineering decisions on where to make compromises to keep costs low, this is where I would make them. Not the memory/CPU since that would ultimately interfere with the software and UX. The screen may be have a 480p resolution, and that may be something that people really don't like, but think of it in another way. Would you rather have a high resolution display that performs poorly due to the limitations of the graphics processor driving it or a slightly worse resolution display with the advantage of fluid, almost intuitive smoothness in its usage? The difference in the experience with a lower resolution display is not as bad as some might fear- test is crisp, things look good with the IPS display and most importantly things work well when you tap an icon and expect the application to actually open in reasonable time (As a side note, I actually use a high end handheld gaming device, the Nintendo 3DS XL that has a lower pixel count than the phone and you can actually see the pixels sometimes. Is it distracting there? Yes. But does it reduce the overall enjoyment I get playing the wonderfully made games for the platform? No, I love the device. My point here is hardware specs are not everything- the actual software optimized for the system matters.) Invariably, this device will be compared to other variants made by hardware vendors (Xiaomi for example) at comparable costs. Are they sometimes better on paper than this? Yes, absolutely. Does it actually detract from the overall experience with this device? No, absolutely not. I would take a specifically engineered phone over a slap-together-the-best-sounding-parts one any day. Software-Hardware integration matters much more than the hard numbers. What is even more heartening is how commited google seems to be to the platform. The kernel sources released by them and Mediatek (the CPU manufacturer, well known for their skirting of laws surrounding the GPL agreement where they never release the kernel sources for their platforms) is not only good news for the continued development by google itself, but also what it means to the community- developers will be likely enamored by a low cost device with large user base and open architecture to make sure even after the updates from google are long stopped, we keep getting our hands on features that the future might bring with it. Conclusion: It's amazing not because of the hardware but because of the software integration Let's be very clear about it: these android one phones are not meant to be for the premium market- they are practical, have most things you need at a fraction of the cost of the other offerings and have great performance. They are not meant for vanity, they are the equivalent of the IBM clones in the 80's and the PC workhorse that we saw in the 90's. Open, supported well enough and great for bringing computing to everyone, everywhere. One can only hope the internet infrastructure improves hand in hand with the progress in smartphone technology to make connectivity easy for everyone. Eventually these phones are all about connectivity for everyone while not tripping on the pitfalls that many phones in the past have- unequal development on hardware/software front leading to a bad user experience or closed knowledge ecosystem.
Somehow, for the low price you pay, you get a Smart Phone that can match the high end products with android technology. I have three Samsung devices, but this one comes very close to them!!! Buy it, you will not regret. Great Seller. AMAZON IS THE BEST!!!!!!!!!
This is the best micromax mobile in low end smartphones This Is the cheapest phone to get Android L. Applications are opening much faster Its front camera (2 mp) is nice and even better than its rear camera. Screen and touch are also good indeed.
This phone is a great value for money. I bought it for my mother and she absolutely loved it. This is a real value for money product and the fact that Andriod updates will come automatically when Lollipop is released is a real icing on the cake. I am very satisfied.
Ordered on 2-Oct, received delivery on 4-Oct, Fast delivery. Good phone considering price point. Touch is responsive, installed few apps, working good. No issues using it so far.. though still testing.. Over all good phone and met my expectations.. :)
I cannot download any App using WiFi from Google Play Store. I did not check using 2G/3G since my SIM is not yet cut into Micro-SIM. But when I searched for the Error Message, I found in many sites that this model has the issue of downloading Apps from Google Play.
Switching from CDMA to GSM and maybe the other way round, the data saving is a big hassle. Porting is the next red light. CDMA users may note that the similar model of CDMA will cost around 30 to 40% more ! Other wise this handset is feature full and user friendly.
For a 6.5k phone, the performance is exceptionally good. I have been using it since a month now. And there have been no major problems . The only problem is the battery life. If your internet usage is 24*7 then the phone battery doesn't last for more than 10 hours.
Its a awesome product and price is unbelievable. Google application are very very good and I am enjoying its use. I have recommend to my friends and one has already bought it and another is planning in a day or two. Feature, touchscreen and function are very good.
The phone is better than, what can be expected at this price. I have been using this since september. Beside the camera resolution, there is nothing else you would complain about. Happy with the product and amazon. Go for it if you are in search of a budget phone.
This mobile is so gud or say to excellent performance I m very happy with this mobile in this mobile front n back both camaras clearity is so fine but the offer they give me 6month all software updating with airtel this offer is fake airtel's not give me any offer n this mobile got no any update about latest andorid version 5.01
Hi I have bought canvas a1 in amazon the delivery period was short and packing was s o good and fabulous. About mobile excellent android is and the camera s k and the styled round in the camera was so bad the colour of grey was changed but so good and price worthy
This phone is excellent in almost everything. The touch is smooth, the performance is good. The battery life is good, good camera quality especially the front camera. But the only negative point is that the phone becomes a little hot if you talk for a longer time.
The smartphone works fine as per the specs and is one of the best phones in 6.5k range The only issue I have been facing is battery life It cannot get on with a day without being charged twice when in full use. Rest all the featured works perfectly.
Very very good. I wanted to buy a phone between 10000 to 12000 but reading the all review i decided to buy this phone and now i realise i have taken good decision. I am using it about one month and it is working very nice. You can go for it without any confusion.
Price-wise no other phone can compete this phone. After one month use of this phone i would like to say it's perfect. So beautiful, nice screen display, very good working with camera, no lagging, no hanging and also good to load extra application from play stores.
It is a very awesome mobile at this price. Its all functions are good but one thing i have noticed that its mobile network reception capacity is very poor compared to other mobile ,if it can be improved ,then it will turn out be outstanding mobile . thanks
Dear Sir, This is to inform you your micromax mobile canvas A1 is good mobile and good performence but battery backup is not good so please cear of battery good performance is (magnetic black) THANKS & REGARDS SURIYAL SINGH UTTRAKHAND
but the offers u promised . i didn't get any offers except airtel offers..
I have bought this phone a month ago... As far as I know this is the best phone at low cost in micromax ....it works flawlessly and no lag what so ever ....every thing is good about this phone...... But I am not satisfied with the battery life so I'll give 4stars
Gr8 phone Gr8 Buy !! Best in 10k range!! Except battery backup every thing is more than awesesome!! Has notification LED!! Games like asphalt8,fifa14,minion rush, subway surfers work properly without any lag!! Cameras are also descent!! Touch is awesome! 
Phone is very good, i installed 40-45 apps and its running properly. Display and battery is best then other phones. But there r some problem using mobile data, mobile data disconnect many time automatically. Round camera design is not comfortable.
Good phone at a best rate.... Android one is unimaginably fast...... Very handy..... Good working at all basic apps.... Even I go with 20 games the phone is good in processing all at time.... Please install antivirus for more safety....... Overall excellent phone
Amazon service is amazing. I received my order on time on Dhan Teras. It was properly packed and brand new.Mobile is also working good only the thing is I am unable to use 3G. There might be some setting problem. I will contact service center for this.
Really All the ads and Shouting across for the phone is not right , Every other moment there is some issue ! I feel like throwing the phone ! since i dont think Amazon OR micromax will give us refund so easily making our life miserable thru T &C which applies !!!
Really good till now.was confused to go for this out moto E.Moto E had better display, but SAR values were a little higher.and was not sure of any more android updates, so went for this.it has been pretty good so far.not sure how it's going to be in the long run.
Got just one hour before an excellent phone with nice camera and very smooth touchorder dated on 16 september and got it todayi am very happy thanks to amazon and micromax and a big thanks to google if you are looking for and excellent android phone and go get it
In this Price This Is the Best Phone Ever... Touch Response Is Really Very Good... And I Am Very Happy To Tell You The High End Games Like Real Racing 3 , Shadow Gun, Gta Vice City Etc...Are Running Flawllesely I am Not Geeting Any Lags...
Good phone with all the latest features in a very low cost and running with android 5.1 is the best feature.... Go for it friends if u have a tight budget and u want all the latest features..... I never used to believe online shopping but amazon was very good...
Very good phone :) value for money. Pure google experience is a plus for people on tight budget and cannot afford nexus devices. Although i feel xiaomi redmi 1S has better value for money than this. I've used both devices and redmi 1s is better. But that's me :)
MICROMAX ANDROID ONE MOBILE IS ONE OF THE BEST DEVICE EVER IN MID-PRICE RANGE FOR 3G NETWORK, ONLY THING IS TO USE MICRO-SIM, TILL TODAY NO UPDATES ARE FOUND...OTHERWISE OK....3G VIDEO CALLING BY NETWORK OPERATOR NOT FOUND, IN-BUILT MEMORY REQUIRES MORE THAN8GB.
This phone is very nice in the world of smart phones under his price.there functions and features are so good.. But its badness is the battery backup..very poor battery..there camra Quality is average. .After this all are good in this price.....P.k.yadav.Delhi..
Good slim hand set. Till date I could not have the cover of the set. Should have option of clearing applied apps at a time. Presently i am not being able to handle the phone reading the short guide book. Not easy for new operators,obviously for all android sets.
It is best budget smartphone in its class, features are quite satisfactory. We received the delivery quite earlier than estimate. The package included 8GB card, scratch guard as free bees, but vouchers were not sent on email as promised at the time of purchase.
Everything is good except call quality. Outgoing voice is not clear and the called person complains of the voice clarity. I have checked my SIM with other phones, and the problem is only with this mobile. Otherwise all features are very good at this price range.
A very nice phone at this price range. Its value for money. Although the Camera is not upto the mark, rest of the features and specs of the phone is more than satisfactory..!! The touch is also good and there is no lag while using any basic apps and games..
Excellent phone. What a terrific delivery schedule. Really amazed by the service of Amazon. I got my mobile within 24 hours flat! Since three days of my usage, absolutely this mobile is excellent. Only disadvantage i could find was, I could not add ringer tunes.
Very smooth touch good performance with quad core processor good sound good sensors gps etc I am playing real racing 3d on this smooth running good front camera and auto focus rear camera I purchased in 5000 on republic Day in this price this is the best phone.
so far meeting all our need.happy with it. while purchasing it was mentioned free delivery in 2-3 days. but when purchasing confirmed, it appeared with delivery charge option for delivery in 2-3 days. not clear with own policy !!! thanks n rgds,
I m using this phone from last one month Nd it's performance is really unexpected It's really a good choice in this price range Only a single this that I miss inthis phone that gorilla glass But at this price it's really really classic phone
Quad core smooth experience. Good Camera and sound quality. Value for Money. Only negative point is slight low volume level while I play videos, probably i need to install equalizer app to boost it. Got it delivered by Amazon well before committed date as well.
Handset is nice.good for gaming purpose because it has 1GB RAM and sound is also very nice. But touch is not feather touch .it has soomthness yet not as per demant.what ever due to good processor and ram it is very useful mobile for use within this short range.
It is a good smartphone and compact. The feature are all smart and perfect. But the only issue I found out that the Battery is very poor. If we charge fully in the evening, the next morning the charge is fully down even not in use. That is why I give only four.
nice phone...google features it extremely well...but could be more advance on hardware side...hardware not just advanced but should be of better quality...lacks of better quality hardware...price won't be matter when U will add android with better hardware.....
This phone is real value for money. The response is very fast and the sleek model design makes it look like a high end phone. Another good feature is absence of poor loaded apps from Micromax. About 2.2gb of space is available for apps out of the 4gb available.
Excellent phone for the price. Its very smooth and camera quality is very good in outdoor and average in Indoor. The front camera is good for selfies. The reception is good for 2G and average for 3G. No complaints. Waiting for a decent flip cover for the phone.
Really amazing delivery by Amazon placed the order by yesterday evening (25th Sept.) and got the phone by today itself (26th Spet.). Phone is really good more worth than Rs. 6499/- Camera, Video and everything is fine. Thank you MICROMAX & Thank you AMAZON
awesome phone only 6.5 k........no heating no hang no other issues......
Unexpectedly good phone. I switched from Samsung Galaxy Note 3 to this phone without any problems. OS is smooth and stock android is refreshingly good. The only downside is the camera, but it is very good for its price range. Recommend this phone to everybody!
The phone is good phone. BUT I GOT PHONE IN 15 JANUARY .I BOOKED ON 1 JAN ,LAST DATE WAS 14 JAN DELIVERY OF AMAZON WAS BAD high performance,battery low , can play large games smoothly 2.2gb internal memory is not bad. can move apps to sd card.
Good mobile in budget.vey fast i am feeling happy in using fully satisfied with the performace no hanging seen in multiple function. Only one thing I could not able to do is sync mobile with PC and update contact micromax PC suite need to be updated with this.
MICRO MAX CANVAS A1 WITH Android One 100 MB free data per month for software update & 200 MB free data per month for App download or update, for 6 months Being a air tel prepaid user no. 8008037658. We are getting this offer pl help us
Phone interface was really very good. Battery is ok. Camera is not so good at 5 MP Only problem is there is heating problem. i had bought on 4th Oct. lets see if this could resolves in some days. Overall satisfied at this price range.
i had ordered on 24 and i got it on 30th aftr the use of 5 days i am sharing my experience i had not find any problem with this phone except tne battery backup is low it doesnt run full day otherwise the phone is good in this price segment
Exceptionally good. Nothing bad about this phone, in this price. Anyone planning to go for any other phone brands in this segment should consider this. Battery life is good, Processor is good, camera is good, sound is good, what else do you require.
Dear sit I purchased two micromax android one mobiles there are two issues 1 It is not provided with file manager apk. so I can't see files in my SD card. 2 It's blue toot is not receiving apk.files So these issues must be solved in updates.
Mobile is OK with its features but poor battery back up its better the company to withdraw all mobiles sold out and replace with a better quality battery I hope the company will respond soon and Amazone must also send the performance of the mobile to micromax
Its good phone and its fast and you cannot expect so many things in this much price. As far as my opinion i am satisfied with product which i have got so far. Surely recommend this product. Thanks amazon for delivering so fast
my order is Canvas A1 magnetic black.... ....But i received canvas A1saren white (deference amount is 400+) and very bad battery headphones are not good ... i am not satisfied ....... placing of order is very bad very very .... bad
All required features in lowest price. Cons: My phone specifically hits up fast and charging time is too high..Battery drains up fastly. Pros: Rest all is better...Display, never hanged, work without any lag in multitasking...
there’s no other phone better than this at this range.. touch , camera , flash , 1080 videos evrything works so good... only one problm that is getting heat while charging bt when i charge it with samsung charger its fine.... else its an awsm phone
Going to Write a review after use of 15 days on phone!! awsum phone!! worth of its price!! superb touch and speed compared to this price range phone!! andoird 4.4 is best.. if you are looking for phone in this range, blindly but it!!
Its a good phone for low budget - I bought it for my staff as a gift ;-)
Just plain awesome. Go for it. The camera is ok other than that awesome.
awesome phone very smooth but front camera is better than back camera!..
you will everything that you expect from a phone this range. Only the Xiaomi Red mi is comparative or even better to this phone. But i got 10%cash back and a 8gb memory card(worth rupees 400) with this phone. So overall i got a discount of about 1000 bucks, that is pretty good. For 5500 this phone is excellent.
Would like to thank Amazon for delivering on time and in good condition. The phone exceeded my expectations!!!!!!!! The touch is very responsive and fast, along with gr8 battery life. I have felt no lag hitherto. A very good low budget phone.
Good Phone. Average camera quality. Much better than Xiaomi Redmi 1S. It feels good at holding the phone. It also supports 4K videos which is a big thing for a phone under 7K. Thanks to Google for launching Android One. Now only waiting for Lollipop update.
This product is something more than my expectations and i m loving it. It's like I m carrying a mini nexus 5 in my hands. I would highly appreciate micromax and google to make such an amazing device at such a low price and amazon for it's best service ever.
Performance is fast and quite good. Manual should be little more elobarative which would help the first time buyers. Flip cover and scratch guard should have been provided from day 1 itself at subsidised rate so that the buyer needn't run around to get one.
I have received micromax a1 at 27 sep 2014. I am facing a problem with the wi-fi. Suppose if you connect with the Wi-Fi and stop your modem. Then this device will not connect with the Wi-Fi until u will not start this device. Other wise this device is good.
The phone is good in most aspects of performance. But the battery is not satisfactory. It gets drained fast even with normal use and in standby mode also. Within twenty four hours the charge comes down to less then thirty percent from one hundred percent.
This is a good choice in this price range, camera is good but poor low light images. A little more battery capacity should have been provided. Xiaomi is a good alternative but this phone is preferable if you want pure android experience and timely updates.
There are so many problems with this set ,,, no news about when lollipop will b available on did set ,,, heating issues works like headache ,, u can say look is premium but display sucks overall google ruined our life with this kind of cheap quality phone
It takes almost 3 weeks for this to reach, the product was very good and in some point perform beyond my expectation. I would've give it 5 stars but because of long waiting time and poor packaging I give it a 4 star. Very good product for the price though.
Nice phone at this price. 1GB ram helps to run apps smoothly. GPS is working fine. Phone is new, so responding fast and battery too is ok Camera:Not upto mark. If you are looking for budget smart phone then do give a thought over this phone
Excellent choice, superb picture specs, above all its worth it......Tx to Gugly 4 Andy
I bought this this phone for my mom, before this my had been using a conventional phone. She liked the phone n I think a good phone with all features for starter at a comparative low rate with a large screen So it's a nice phone overall till now
Both google and micromax has done a very good job. Camera quality is very good. No lag found. Touch is very smooth. Asphalt 8,contract killer 2 n other big game is working like butter. All things r very good except battery back up
excellent for the price paid and also easy to handle all applications. but the feather touch is too smooth and hence have to be very careful while handling. also there is no auto switch off facility and you have to switch on and off every time you use it.
A1 is good smartphone in this amt and camera quality is so gud but it is very disappointed with battery backup and with the internal memory because this internal memory only for app not for any other media. It means u can't pic a photo without memory card
Great phone at this budget. Battery backup is good, Screen is good compared to other phones at this buget in market. Speaker phone sound is little unclear and slow but that can be ignored when you buy product at this range. All over 5/5, highly recommend.
Good phone with nice looks and amazed to have this. Just now I have received. I have not yet started using this phone. The SAR value of this device mentioned at the head and body are 0.24 W/kg and 0.93 W/kg respectively averaged over 1 gm of human tissue. I have stated using it. Battery is draining faster even after using few apps.
i did not get free cupons worth 2000 and and another free internet
superb excellent phone with a decent configuration ....recently got 5.1 update... friends if sim cards doest not work after update switch off the phone and turns battery out and then put in again and switch it on ...see after that it works....
Every thing is fine except bettery should be 2000mah but import thing is Google built this phone and u get all the Os update in the phone.Nothing to lose as compair to other device in the price matter google gives all features to this phone also micromax
iTS VERY GOOD MOBILE. VALUE FOR YOUR MONEY. ITS LOOKS CAMERA PIC Q IS VERY IMPRESSIVE. HOWEVER ITS HEAD SET WHICH IS PROVIDE WITH MOBILE IS VERY VERY VERY POOR IN SOUND Q, SIZE AND IT DOES NOT EARBUDS AS WELL. ITS DRIVER IS ALSO VERY HARD TO FIND ONLINE.
Value for money, bought it only because of the assurance from Amazon on return if not working and not good. Has all the features as expected. The battery life is low for heavy users. Please give option for higher density battery. Over all good.
the product is best if u looking to buy a 6000 rupees range smartphone... If so... Buy this one only... As i got it in this range on using my state bank debit card due to its 10 % cash back offer... But it is best even if u buy it for 6500 rs. Also... :)
This is one off the finest phones on the earth. Excellent speed in browsing. Superb voice clarity. Picks up signal even in indoor . for this price this phone is really really worthy. I love this. Could easily chat. In hang outs. No buffering. No delay.
Its a good phone in this price range, using from the last 10 Days, not found any major problem, Phone become little heat during the charging as well as playing game, Also sometimes phone hang while starting the game. Rest if good. Battery Backup is Good.
Mobile work very smooth and all apps play but camera medium battery pickup this range best automatic version update 4.4.4 to 5.1 two year skim update processing airtel sim card offers not work and mobile internal memory little 2.5gb only software Useful
Very bad product. The battery works only for 2 hrs or so. It looses the WIFI connection in 2 - 3 minutes, within my house where WIFI signals are excellent. I have never seen such a bad product. I am not happy with the quality of the product.
The phone is quite good for first time android phone user. Processor ram are almost good. camera quality border line and over all good. But i enjoy very bad shipping facility from amazon.I received this item 6 november after placing order on 22 october.
Best deal at the price Micromax hardware is pretty good And Google's android one is definitely a catch The phone feels premium Camera is not awesome but a pretty decent one It came with a screen guard and a free 8 gb memory card
It good but not upto the mark because it not having gallery , no filemanager etc which is there in all micromax phone n about battery its not having long backup . Without using net it will work for 7 hours n if u r using net then not more then 3-4 hours
1.good delivery 2.mobile is good 3 connects all networks(not only airtel) 4 .connects wifi 5.speed great connects& exit apps very fast 5.DRAW BACK BATTERY DRAINS VERY FAST 6.SOME TIMES NET CONNECTS ONLY WHEN RESTART THE PHONE
Phone is good but don't buy it from amazon ,cause they are making foolish to people by offering some coupons and other gifts and later they said you are not eligible for this .... Really disgusting........... Micromax canvas phone is nice one
i would have given 5 star,it truly deserves it but am experiencing a small software issue.when i turn off my phone it doesn't turn on easily.it takes at least 2 hours.so am giving it a one star. Is there someone experiencing the same issue???
The phone is in good quality...is up to my expectations, The processor is very good.the design is also good...all apps functioning smoothly. The camera quality is average but in this price range its better one.... Go for it..
Overall good product, never hangs and processing speed is too good. Android experience is great. Wifi connectivity is good, no issues. Camera is OK. Memory card slot is bad. Head phone is of bad quality, stopped working in 2 months.
Phone is worth the price, I am very happy with the performance & recommend it others. Only defect is the cheap quality charger & USB cable comes with box. Its difficult to plug in & plug out for daily use. But the phone continue to impress me everyday.
Really good phone. I am totally satisfied with the quality and features of the phone. It gives you feel of Nexus and Moto. Its touch response is just too good. Camera quality is also pretty nice. Battery life is little shorter what I feel. But in short its an awesome phone for this price.
Dear Sir/madam, packet received, but below coupons are not in this packet, plz check and advise urgently. Special offer only for limited period Offers with Micromax Canvas A1 1) Free Rs.500 Amazon.in Gift Card, provided by December 10,2014 2) Free Coupons worth Rs.2000 on Watches, Shoes & more 3) Free Strontium 8GB MicroSDHC Memory Card 4) For Airtel users, Free software upgrades and app downloads for 6 months. 5) Free Screen Protector (in the box) Thanks & Regards, Manish Kumar Arora/Nitesh Singh Mobile:9582945184/9716304332
great device. Considering to buy more. Specially with amazon slashing the prices by 1K now. My SD card keep getting rejected in few days, have to reboot, don't know whats the issue. Else this device is the best for this price. Very very good purchase.
Its not a better choice. At this price MOTO E serves good.. in specifications as well as BATTERY BACKUP... Also the SERVICE was WORST from Micromax.. Considering all these aspects, you can choose MOTO E at this price..
Product is nice ..,..but delivery was pathetically late and customer service executives were not able to provide an definate answer. Finally got my product (phone) after 5-6 follow ups. Amazon.in if you want to compete please work on delivery issues.
Internet using with DATA is having poor speed & some softwares are not even loaded while data usage internet.At the same time i checked with other phones with same network but they dont have such speed problem... While using in Wifi speed is ok..
nice phone with good config n price... ui just confusing few days in basic functions.. sd permormance is better in class 10 cards(free sd slows,,,,,,,,,,,,,just ok)..... dont waste money if ur budget 7000.. go for this.... review will after 1 month
This is an excellent mobile developed by Micromax. My family uses micromax mobile for the past two year, we recommend as it is indian and the quality is good. Value of Money... Thanks to Google, Micromax and Amazon for this amazing product.
My review is based on 1 day mild usage of the phone. Looks are awesome. Feels like a premium phone in hand. Camera is good (still not like 5mp) in good light but in bad light it's of no use. Flash is not that strong to take clear picture in dark.
Very smooth & fast phone.... No lags... Touch response is very good... Build quality is good... Speaker volume could have been made high... Battery backup is poor... Has not yet lasted 1 full day under medium usage...
This is my 1st smartphone . I would say that this sp is the best sp in this range ,even better than costlier sets . using it for a month it performed very well. games like Asphalt 8 was even running smoothly.in my opinion it is CHEAP AND BEST!!!!!!!
Awesome phone for such small budget. Latest OS provided in this. Build quality is nice. Plus the amazon delivery was exceptionally great (i think under 3 days delivery response time). All in all a very nice product for such a small budget.
i braught this phone recently and the experience till now is just best in this range... one of the best handset from micromax... You get almost evrything what u need initially. Earphones are not that good for music otherwise it deserves 5 stars.
My first purchase. Swiftly delivered but not happy . error 489 . WTH ..not able to download a single app from play store . should I live with no apps n games ? Seriously, am very pissed now . what use if you can't download apps . I want a resolution.
I am using this product since 20 days ....and it is having all the features which a smartphone should have.... It is a worth buying phone. I ordered it on its launch date and recieved it on next day of dispatched date.... Hats pff to amazon's service
Be very careful. WiFi signal keeps dropping after 10 minutes of use. virtually making it unusable in Wifi. too new in market and Micromax/Google using customers to test their product. thanks to Amazon's excellent return policy, returning the product.
Very worst mobile from micromax. I bought this mobile two weeks back.. Now this mobile is very slow (only 6 apps only installed, unwanted app I am not installed) Battery is too bad 4 hours in stand by mode... In 3G only stayed 30 - 40 min. Please don't bye this mobile..
I am happy to purchase this phone. I am using this phone from 27 Jan 2015 till now, no hanging & other problem seen. Image quality is quite well by camera also. I get longer battery backup with this phone. Overall it is a bomb blasting phone for me.
Decent phone for a normal android, Except CAMERA other features are Awesome.......... Thanks Micromax Users : Do use headphones if you speak a lot.... (As radiation might cause damage to ears) Really value for money Cheers guys
Not at all good buy, I bought on 17th October and with in 10 days only phone started showing problems, I cannot hear any sound after making a call, every time I have to on speaker to make the conversation. I will not advise to buy this product.
The phone's performance is good for this price. However, the built is poor. The back of the phone gets scratches quickly. The quality of plastic is poor. The lens of camera extends outside the back panel which makes it prone to scratches and damage.
It's a great value for money product, and the best part is, it's directly supported by Google for software for the next two years with guaranteed updates this year AND next year to Android L and Android M. Things can only get better from here on in.
Every phone has its own class This is well built Has some freshness in back From front looks like moto g For moderate usage it's great experience The main hype about this phone is updates n with is great I would say phone itself nothing without software so we need regular updates and this is big plus And one more thing the hardware of phone has to be relation with os of the phone and Google has done kinda apple like this game hear combination of hardware and software Now come to the practical usage it's neet and clean no lag till now It has Lowe resolution screen but again it is its so it's crisp and clear U can do casual and higher end gaming to but don't expect superior gaming I would recommend this phone for a person who's main concern is browsing and casual gaming Thank u for reading
Bought it three months back. Absolutely flawless performance as of now. No lag at all. Camera decent enough. Video chat with Skype working seamlessly. 3G and wifi working well. Battery not bad. A steal deal in this price range. Highly satisfied. :)
I am a great fan of Apple product. I think this is a poor man's apple. The performance is excellent. Looks nice and the screen size is just right. Having two SIM capability and a memory slot makes it very useful. Great job Google and Micromax.
this phone needs to improve a lot camera automatically closes down,mic has a problem sometimes works somes dont i have to reset this phone every 2-3 days to use normally dont know why google is spoiling its image with such a bad hardware phone
Excellent device with very good specifications. Very convenient size. Battery lasts me more than 36 hours. Rich in colors. Feather touch screen. The operating system is shown. More than its worth money. Would recommend to all as very user friendly.
Built quality is pathetic.. phone refused to switched one within couple of days... initiated return with Amazon since last 15 days... nobody bothers to contact or take any initiative... Overall very bad experience with both product and seller.
I have been using this mobile for the last six months its flawless. Clarity and picture quality of the 5 MP camera is very good. Operating system is easy to handle. I recommend it for everyone who is looking for a decent Android under Rs. 10000/-.
Good choice for this price. Handset is up to my expectations. Camera is not much focusing. Box acessories are of avg quality. Especially headset, which comes with a tihin wire. Sound quality of headset is OK. but i am doubtful about the durability
Absolutely it is excellent phone. Camara and vedio clarity good. Some applications are nice. Music player is awesome. But I am not satisfying with charging. It is a bit of disappointing. That's why I am giving four ratings. Anyway it is excellent.
Quite disappointed to see that the mobile is not supporting the basic common feature of retrieving contacts from Micro SIM. All the contacts are getting stored in Phone only and there is no option of storing contacts in SIM. Other features are OK.
Incredibly good with amazing features and an added advantage of the latest OS at the earliest. The camera is also average for its price range. The touch and battery life is also good. The free memory card by amazon will suffice too.
Phone is pretty cool in its price range the only prob I had faced is about Bluetooth you can't receive .apk file( android files) from other devices though works fine with other files. Use flash transfer apps for exchanging files on both device's.
I ordered Micromax canvas a 1 on 28th September and got it in my hand on 30th.Delivery and Packaging was very good.I am very impressed.The phone is very good,all features are very good,faced no lag at all. Hats off to amazon.in and micromax.
This is the best phone in this category. I have purchased this for my mother and now thinking buying one for myself. Fast, even with multitasking never lags behind. Over all satisfied by the product, no complains.
Regarding some (airtel) offers mentioned along with the product, I had to call customer service twice as there was no information along with the product to activate the same. Other than it was a before time delivery in a very professional manner.
zoom quality is bad neither mobile is best....in every view of angle
Good phone but 1:Don't have a file browser 2:Quality of phone and camera substandard 3:Battery file BAD 4:Flash is pointless Please think twice before buying this phone because u have more better phones at the same range
Very good phone.Thank you amazon for providing this phone. The phone is looking beautiful. There is no stuck or lack while playing HD vedio's. Always on latest android version. Easy to carry I love this phone
Camera quality not so good as any other phone having 5 MP. Left yearphone stopped working. Otherwise its ok, best budjet smartphone ever, superb sleek and charming designing. performance is overoll good with 1gb ram.enhanced battery backup.
the mobile accessories was not available in market, anothet the coupon was provided by amazon o 15th oct which will be expired on 10th nov and those coupon can be redeem on selected product. those should be write down while selling any products.
This cell is very good and in my language it is "Jhakaas" but sound quality and battry pickup is not well as compare to samsung and sony xperia. but overall android one micromax canvas a1 is good and amazon.in is very good ecommerce site
Value for money.. Very good spec for the price... I think Samsung , htc & other android players should pack their bags & go home... Only negative side is that theses phone are only available online , it should be available off line also....
Fast Delivery! Thanks to Amazon! Value for Money! Excellent looks, latest OS. Sleek design! I am happy to get a hand on this product! Smart buy!!! Good Job Google and Micromax!! But I did not get 2000/- gift vouchers. How do I get that one?
Great mobile at amazng price... Evrythng is ok xcpt low light camera quality nd battery... Recently google is updating it parts by parts to run for android l... I have updated my google launcher nd it is the one in android l.. Njying the phone.
Very good budget phone. I like the build quality. Infact the phone is better in every sense than my Samsung Galaxy Grand Quattro. Has Andorid KitKat based on the Google Android One program. Hoping to see Android Lollipop soon on this phone
The Product is very good.....but totally dissatisfied with amazon one day delivery. If you pay for one day delivery ....then it will be get delivered after two days only. So beware and dont spend 50rs extra....instead go for a two day delivery.
Picture quality is very good also the long lasting battery backup. No lag while playing games . The 4.5-inch display offers good viewing angles and decent sunlight legibility. But phone overall is made of plastic and looks are also like plastic
The seller was Excellent, the only thing about the product Micromax Canvas A1 with Android One (Magnetic Black) ( New) is Battery Back up, the battery back up is less comparatively. I have to always look for a battery back up .Rest is all good.
The Phone speed is Blazing Fast. And the stock Andriod experince is amazing. I did'nt find any thing different in google high end devices rather than hardware. I have Nexus 5 (THE BEAST) phone. I will likely to call it SMALL BEAST in low price.
For the price 6499/- is worth to have it. Few problems I am facing are 1) Not able to share data using blue tooth 2) It's battery last for 6-8 hours only if if you are using net and Games. 3) Getting heated up during gaming.
From first month after purchase power switch is not working. When I contacted service center they asked two month time to rectify the problem... Not good service center..... I am using it in the same condition now... Good phone other wise
Bought this phone after a lot of dilly dallying by Amazon. but two days later found the damned phone does not connect to the laptop.Try whatever! The USB tethering option always shows grey, not functioning. Can someone here help me out?
Storage folder not found. I hav downlded third party app. but showing Extrenl Storge Only... and in the Whatsapp not showing New Chat option (as per contact list). pls help me. Ravibabu +919666840486 ravibabuk555@gmail.com
This is a great phone for the price you are paying. Getting Android One is almost like having stock android and this fluidity makes this phone faster than any phone in this price range or even upto 10k price. Go for it!!!
Value for the money. Great features. Touch is just excellent and speed is also very good. Camera is fairly good. What else you can expect from a mobile costing 6-7k. Only draw back I find is, it's battery. Should have more life.
Over all product Quality is good ..I am enjoying next level of UI and Voice interface..compare to other bands(Spice,Karbon) This is second position. First place went for Spice because it has more audio clarity and less radiation while talking
It's really cool and is definitely worth for the money which I paid
Nice product ..... but delivery should be done to small cities also
THE HANDSET WAS DEFECTIVE AND I HAD TO RETURN IT BACK FOR REFUND...
This is pretty cool android phone. Internal memory should be usable by user which is not,But all total this is a good phone and moreover I thought this phone will charge quicker than my samsung phone but both are same :( 2 minutes 1% :(
Excellent product from Micromax. You can experience the same or higher specs and smooth functioning as higher version models in the range of 12 to 15k. But its charging cable and headphone started problem after a week and have to be replaced.
Sleek design makes its look pretty and handy.Android 4.4.4 Privided for smooth and better performance which in turn will be upgraded to Android L automatically. A nice choice for this price range. Thank to Amazon for quick delivery.
Best software ever! I love using it on move! waiting is not boring ! Battery now needs recharging daily ! Camera software is different and entertaining ! Auto save function for all Fb & What's App photos, i think they r saved in google drive!
good one but my airtel 6month offer is not not working i complained it to airtel but no response.when coming to phone its quite good one at its price.it recognises memory card after 2minutes after insertion its a problem.it is ok at its price
There were many teething troubles. MTNL wifi downloads are a mojor problen. Prob sys sensitivity is lower than other Sansung and Apple instruments at home. Nobody is willing to help because we purchased on line. Thats a different prop
It is best phone in rs 6499. No other phone can compare in features in this range . looks of this phone is good . There is one problem regarding internal memory u can't save anything in internal storage it is only for applications.
Dear sir, I Order mobiles twice on your site. please credit pay back points to my payback card. my pay back card number is 9401158673599900. hope to nice reply to credit pay back points. Regards, Purushothama A
THIS PHONE IS REALLY AN AWESOME PIECE IN THIS PRICE RANGE. VERY SMOOTH TOUCH, NICE DISPLAY AND QUITE GOOD SOUND. JUST THE BATTERY LIFE IS A LITTLE LESS EVEN IF YOUR MOBILE DATA IS OFF. GO FOR A BUY IF YOU ARE LOOKING FOR A BUDGET PHONE.
first of all i ordered this phone on 5 oct and it is delivered to me on 14oct it is working fine for some moments then after it started crashing and black screen arise again and again. It was really a horrible experience for the first time.
Excellent Phone in 6K range Screen Quality 5 Out of 5 There is vanilla Android kitkat so 5 Out of 5 Performance wise Camera /image quality excellent in this price range 4 Out of 5 Overall decent phone by micromax/google
The battery of this phone discharges in 4-6 hours of use. Even if too many apps are not in use. I feel the product delivered was not new. Speaks bad of Amazon. I sent it as a gift to my sister and it turned out as a pathetic gift.
Battery dries up soon. Other than that its OK. Just because Indian brand you can go for it. If u install Asphalt game mobile hangs...less heating when compared to China branded.SAR value is good. Less Radiation when compared to China brands
Best phone under 8k ........mmx rocks but Google ......broke its promise for the updates still using KitKat 4.4.4 it has been many days still no updates......other androidone (out of country) got the updates to 5.1.0 lollipop
This is a very good product. One issue that I have found with this is that the call volume is low. Another is that the battery drains fast. I have to stop many apps running by default on this device to stop battery drainage.
Worst battery life I've ever seen! You have to charge two times a day! Average camera, the offers are just fake, I didn't get any of that! The only offer is a memory card, that also a class 4 one! Except battery it's worth for money!!!
I was told by Mobile store person that Android one can't share files using bluetooth.Also it does not click photo without inserting memory card.Also I was told that video calling not possible though it has Front Camera. Is it true ?????????
I bought on sep 23rd, so far mobile is ok and soft touch experience. But poor battery back up, yesterday my charger repaired when i asked them they told me to goto micromax service center for replacement.... Only thing is battery 1700mah...
A good mobile for a normal user. Display, speaker, software, is brilliant. Camera performs well in good light only. Otherwise normal images. Won't regret for 6500rs. It has Stock android which is better than the modified one. No clutters..
micromax canvas one works well except 3 g connection. when switch on 3 g connection phone does not catch enough signals and automatically change over to 2g mode. i have checked up and confirmed the problem in three strong 3g network area..
Well, using this phone for at least 3 weeks , now it's time to make a review of Android One from Micromax... 1. A very very good delivery service from Amazon.in . It took only 3 days to deliver my product after ordering. Though I had to pay all the money before ordering, no such option of Cash on Delivery :( 2. Now talking about the phone, opening the box , this black colored phone ( to be precise magnetic black :P) seriously gonna attract you. It's color, it's slim , charming design, the back finish of the phone, is just awesome. You never gonna feel that it's only a 6.5K's product. 3. Now opening the phone, after inserting the sim/ or without inserting your sim, this phone asks you to login into your own google account, which will be the operating area for your phone. Don't worry, if you are not putting sim in that time. You can do that part later. You can do that part by adding your phone to a wi-fi zone, as because it costs ~200mb data. I did it using my friend's wi-fi. The phone works w/o the login part :P 4. The display issue: 4.5 inch screen. Seriously , it looks like a Nexus 4 .. though it don't have corning gorilla glass.. but you never gonna expect gorilla glass in your low budget phone. So better leave the corning part. The screen looks really good. Use your phone carefully, handle with care. :D Now though it's resolution is little low than other high end phones, but it's IPS and other tech parts makes it very much compete able with other high end phones. Running a True HD video on this phone, doesn't make a bit difference to your eye. 5. The main processor part, which is the heart of this phone. Though I had some worry about mediatek processors , but this phone successfully erased all of my worries. Be it HD videos or be it high tech-requirement game, every thing works very very fine. HD videos runs here like butter. Starting from Low range "Temple Run 2", "Angry Birds", "Candy Crush", to Mid range game "BADLAND", and to high range game "Asphalt 8" or "NFS" .... every game runs like cream. I didn't find any lag till now. 6. Camera part: back camera is 5 MP. Though everywhere it is written front camera is 2 MP, but google camera detects the front camera as 2.4 MP (extra :D). Though it is not that much of good like Nexus 4 or 5, but it's not that much bad also. And using "Google Camera" makes your photo more eventful plus you can use some google camera feature like 'Photosphere' , 'Lens Blur' , 'Panoroma'. The video quality is also up to the mark , back camera catches videos in 1080P , where front camera does this in 720P. My advice here is always take the update of your 'Google Camera' from "play store", 'cause google is changing their camera features and upgrading it frequently. 7. Most important one also: Battery issue. Battery pack up is averagely good. Not too much long time battery pack up 'cause after you are running a big sized phone. Doesn't you ? and don't worry, android one is getting it's L update on Mid January,2015 so there will be no battery issue further. 8. Sound output speaker , positionally is very good. It's round and gives us great sound. A notification light is there just beside the front camera, which blinks and gives a yellow light, on an incoming notification, be it an SMS or a notification from Facebook or Whatsapp. It's very much detectable too. So you don't have to open your mobile always to check any notification. 9.Headphone is not that much good. But it's an era of universal 3.5 mm jack, better find a good headphone and enjoy. (only con) 10. Another con: micromax says it's 4 GB internal memory, where 2.27 GB will be specified for your apps and rests will be for data part. But till now I have only found 2.27 GB only (the apps part), searching for the data part till now !! No Gallery preinstalled, download an app ( like ES file explorer) from play store. And most important, no picture can be clicked , without putting an Micro SD card. Insert the Micro SD at first,which Amazon is giving us. It's a time of Motorola 'NEXUS' or the NEXUS 6, But to me it's a Micromax "NEXUS".. I'll recommend it.
I ordered this phone on 16th of Oct and it was in my hand on 18th Oct through fast delivery option by paying 50rs additionally. Packing: Box was not properly packed and it was shaking around it. Phone: The phone was brand new with all the accessories. Checking: I inserted my two sims and started to check it's features. All features like Speaker, Data, Bluetooth, WiFi, charging were working properly. Surprised: I was surprised for touch sensitive of this phone simply it was like jelly smooth. About OS Completely stock android. After using one and half month my pros and con's. Pros: 1)Touch- Butter smooth (Gives us Feel like We are using Google Nexus). 2) Os-No Bloatwares. 3) Internet- 2g is not bad and 3g speed is very fast via airtel and voda. 4) Videos-No issues playing 1080p Videos smoothly. 5) Camera- Was good in daylight. Definetly u wil like the lens blur feature. 6) Games-No issues.(Mine installed Asphalt 8: Airborne ,Modern Combat 5 ) 7) Lag- Never single Hang. Never while in multitasking. 8)Phone speaker fine. Con's: 1) Battery- It drains like a hell by continuity using internet, playing games and watching videos. It last 3hrs. In standby mode it last 1 day. 2) Heating- Yes it has a lot.( 5 min of playing game mine goes to 67 deg temp.) *3) Network issue :While using internet. (1hr of using internet through data connection noticed there was no problem.I offed it and after a while I turned on, there is no data incoming and outgoing it was error connecting network.still data connetion is on and signal is full. so I was bit worried about this. Finally i turned off data connection and choosing network manually in settings then I got the internet when I turned on. So, while in 3g if i off the data conection,i have to do it same procedure every time to get internet.Don't no its a network signal issue or phone's. 4)Back camera is not good in lowlight and Rear camera is worst in daylight. *5)After connecting your phone thru usb cable to system it behaves its own...ur commands wont work like trying to open dialpad it opens menu,for back it opens camera etc. DO NOT OPERATE WHILE CONNECTED THRU USB. Finally: Yes, even highend phones has a drawbacks then y not this little budget phone. The phone is perfect in its price range and I am satisfied with it.Best one from Micromax and Google.
i am writing this review after 1 month of very gud usage and was happy to see this perform well.i had a lot of confusion before buying this,all insisted on buying moto e,but i choose this one and i am really happy.....this phone outsmarts many other in the same budget. pros:- 1) front camera is very gud at this price point 2)wi-fi has really been a problem with many other micromax mobiles but this is one is gud,i could see a download speed of 3mbs constant for 15 mins and more . 3)gaming with mali 400 mp never expected it perform it so well.no lag in any of the games played so far 4)the interface is very gud. 5)video rendering and recording is very very gud. 6)touch responsnse is gud. 7)u get notification led thats cool. 8)u get an option to app data to ur sd card. 9)10 point multi touch screen 10)as all know ur sure of getting updates for 18 months from google. cons:- 1)as the speaker is placed back audio playback muffles . 2)display could have been a bit better. 3)this gets heated up a bit when u game or use wifi for over 20-30minutes. i am not going to say anything abt battery .bcoz it all depends on u. i am able to get 10-12hrs with a fully charged battery. i recomend u to get a class10 sd card to improve ur performance. If ur looking for budget smartphone which will updated for the nxt 2 years make a smart decision and for this ........
Amazon is good with genuine product but courier service is not upto mark after 3-4 calls and only after two days phone was delivered though one day delivery was chosen. Best thing about amazon that you got refund of money through net transfer within 24 hours if you call them service center. This is a very good product from micromax with google's android one thing. Amazing speed with kitkat 4.4.4 all the apps work fine. Camera is not upto mark atleast 5.0MP is average thing and with low light camera cannot adjust itself. Some problem is there when android loaded then automatically H symbol(HSPA INTERNET CONNECT) on top of network signal appears if disabled also but after few minutes its disappears. Signal of network might be low but the phone works fine this is an advantage. Something really bad that phone is not switching on and you connect charger for battery but it dont display any problem and after all you get to know battery is low. Sometimes it hangs when lot of apps are in background but kikat automatically adjust taking few minutes. Battery is good if average use is there when hieavy use of phone it drops rapidly. Sound is also good as compared to this range phones. Overall this phone is fair enough with software and hardware.
since i purchased this mobile i am suffering more n more PROBLEMS WITH THIS PHONE 1. CONTACT OR PHONE BOOK : VERY POOR QUALITY FEATURE NO MORE OPTION IN PHONE BOOK FIRST OF ALL I WANT TO INSERT MY 2100 CONTACT LIST I DONT KNOW IT WILL BE POSSIBLE OR NOT STILL TODAY I COULD NOT COMPLETE IT NOW LET ME CLEAR THAT ALL CONTACT BACKUP I HAVE IN CSV FILES AND VCF FILES ALL THESE CSV AND VCF FOLDER I HAVE PUTED IN SD CARD AND PC NOW THIS PHONE DOES NOT TAKE CONTACT FROM SD CARD, IF TAKING THAN ONLY ONE CONTACT OR MULTIPLE SELECTION WHICH I CANT DO WITH THIS FOR 2100 CONTACT TO SELECT. 2. NOW THIS PHONE CAN'T CONNECT TO PC THERE IS NO PC SUITE OR ANY THING OR CD INSIDE THE BOX OK I GOT PC SUITE & DRIVER FROM MICROMAXINFO.COM FOR THIS PERTICULAR MODEL BUT THE DRIVER DOESN'T INSTALL IN PC ASKING FOR CERTIFICATE AND SIGNATURE SOME THING 3 IF YOU HAVE PHONE CONTACT LIST WHICH YOU WANT TO DELETE THEN NO OPTION TO MARK OR MARK ALL OR DELETE OR COPY OR MOVE THERE IS NO ANY OPTION FOR THIS THING 4 ONLY COMPANY RINGTONE CANBE RING WHEN SOME ONE CALL YOU NO RINGTONE CANBE SELECTED FROM SD CARD IT IS A ANOTHER PROBLEM OF THIS PHONE NOW HOW TO USE THIS PHONE FROM MY SIDE I WOULD LIKE TO SUGGES PEOPLE DONT BUY THIS ONE U WILL SUFFER LIKE ME
Ok I am an android guy who likes to test new Android phones from friends and family . I like android due to fact that it's open source and free to modify customize by anyone. In my opinion android is only platform that can provide best experience in terms of apps as well as customizations, but the fact is that to have some experience without much crippling from tier one brands(Sammy Sony etc not moto sorry) we will have to spend 15k- 20k or even more, but still will not get the experience (software wise) I will give the reason later on. So what's the buzz surrounding android one all about.iam not gonna get into what it is as we all no it is Google's blah blah blah...OK I purchased it after researching and comparing again and again for my dad. I was just skeptical about quality ohh micromax can I trust u. And now all I can say is that iam just mesmerized & amazed & jaw dropped just to notice how fast and fluid the device is. But before getting into details I like to note one point that even before this Google venture we had some of good budget android devices ofcourse by similar brands even I can now see that same companies have similar speced phones but this android one venture makes sense. I will tell you why in my performance section. So let's get started. BUILD QUALITY : +ves:The phone is solidly built and very light weight and handy, and I can assure you of this. Back truly feels premium with Matt finish and good to hold unlike Samsung cheap glossy plastic. One thing I really liked is buttons and their tactile feedback just wow. -ves:the phone is basically a fingerprint magnet whether back or front(not a big problem) . No standard flip/case Cover yet very disappointed at this . Bezels at bottom big considering onscreen buttons (not a big deal for sure). since screen is not scratch resistant immediately after unboxing apply the given screen guard DISPLAY : +ves:good display with near accurate colour reproduction and good viewing angles. Bright enough for outdoor visibility(just put it on auto brightness it works great) even 15k Sammy phones lack this simple sensor. -ves:not HD 218ppi(now compare galaxy grand what a joke) though u will hardly be missing anything . colours look a bit under saturated. But I surely will not recommended this display to enjoy large movie sessions. CAMERA : In this section I jus wanna say if u are camera guy, I will suggest u look at redmi 1s (or any Samsung 5mp will beat this) because pictures are not so close. But let's talk about good things outdoors it takes some very good detailed shots especially macro mode impresses me(sometimes better than my core) , but even at outdoor some far shots comes noisy. In indoors it gets somewhat wrong and messes up with colours contrast and details and resulting in noiser output . Flash provided is not bright enough only helpful in closep shots . I have to admit there is something wrong with noise reducing algorithm, because camera behaves as if it wants to capture full details even when in low light. that being said camera is very useful especially while video recording due to its a auto focus and full hd beats Galaxy core 480p without af. i have to admit it's the camera u can't expect from tier one brands at this price point, beats moto e also . also front camera is okaish for video chat but do find a brightly lit spot. In bright sunlight it will beats any vga Samsung has to offer. SENSORS AND HARDWARE : it do come with led notification that glows green and red, but sometimes it may not work u want to like when charging Don't worry just install light flow app and customize way u want it. All sensors work fine even has gyro so great PERFORMANCE : now the heart of the review has come. If u try to compare it with any Samsung at even 20k this little beauty will beat it in terms of apps opening and multitasking without a hint of lag. It can play most of the high end game released till now in medium - high graphics at a good fps with more than enough storage (later on). Regarding heating it does gets warm after 15-20min high end gaming as any device would but nothing unbearable that affects casual game or normal usage. This is what I call a perfect optimization (marriage) of software with hardware. U will just feel things flying , at one point I noticed I was not even touching the screen. This is what I call a mini nexus experience. To those folks who says android lags just look at stock Android. It literally blew me up and thought what's the point of having mid range Sammy core that not even comes close. Now coming to top mentioned point ya u can get similar performance from other similar speced phone, but depending on customisation and bloatware that these companies will put will pull u back sometimes of true android experience. It's what Google meant the true stock experience no bloatware . Android l coming soon can't wait Ahh...... STORAGE : Something very interesting here u get internal 4gb(around 2.03 usable) and a micro sd upto 32gb.now think it is a deal breaker but it it isn't, the ability to move apps to sd, so in this way u can have more storage for games than any phone having 16gb internal with no such option (like moto g 2nd gen) (I will give you some simple examples asphalt 8 1.4gb game occupies only 30-40mb in internal Storage, even casual games candy crush 50mb occupies 15mb) so in this way u can have more apps and games at once . in most of I have apps I have noticed 60-90% apps are movable . so u will not have to worry about it anymore. CALL QUALITY : call quality I would say is excellent. I agree to the fact that earpiece is low on volume but that's to avoid strain and u can use as close to ear as you like (no secondary noise cancellation though) . I also have no complaints about network reception either. LOUDSPEAKER AND MUSIC : loudspeaker on this may feel tiny but what impressed me is the clarity of sound, in loudness department I will say just above average compared to others. Music experience through headphones would not be the best for demanding ones, I must say it lacks bass and have low volume levels although clarity is somewhat good. BATTERY LIFE : coming from a android perspective battery life is good. What's better is the stand by time it looses about 1% an hour. It can assure you around 4-5hrs screen on time till battery will drop by 15-20% with a single simple. So with moderate gaming and Web browsing 30min voice calls u will have to charge it every night . with dual sim it gets worse and I really thought battery could have been bumped 200-300mah higher. Let's hope what android lollipop will bringing with project Volta... CONCLUSION : what do I feel is that iam indeed blessed what I have got at such a price with acceptable minor cons . Indeed this is what true android experience represents . I regret for not following local brands and being samsung fan. The reason I didn't go with Redmi not because any software bugs and heating it has can't be solved by rooting etc, but because I wanted a very usable phone not so high feature rich for my father. All I can say to fellow potential buyers as an advice is that if u want to invest on a phone under 15k don't hesitate to take a risk to look at features than brand(xioami moto asus for example), now look at what big brands are doing(core2 (not even proximity sensor basic feature ) price 12000 will not sell OK so let's reduce to 8000 how ridiculous that is, sduos originaly launched for 17000 ended up in 8000 within a year, even look at xperia e3 crippled at its best) U will end up dissapointed for buying it at some point of time (damn sure) , only thing u can get better from these brands are service but that too when something mess happens which is rare. So they are best for high end phones(I really like note series of Samsung). (Upcoming phones to look out Redmi note, mi4, one plus one) Also I suggest you before buying any product have good no of reviews on Internet other than what salesman says That's all guys GOD BLESS ALL....
pros -1 gb ram & mediateck quad core processor smoothly handles apps & games without lag -Best touch response -LED notification -guranteed updates cons -avg camera -sub-par battery life ( while using 3g internet , this phone battery faced heating issues & battery started discharging really fast . but on wifi it worked smoothly without any heating issues ) -no inbuilt apps like file manager, gallery or music player which are basic (but you can download all these from google play) -the usb cable provided By micromax doesnt fit on my phone due to some manufacturing defect instead i am using usb cable of samsung. advice to the manufactures please check usb cables b4 putting it into the box. My conclusion if you are a beginner on android this device is going to satisfy you completely others who have used high ended phones may find it not the best, but i salute micromax & google for providing in this budget price a good android phone.
The best thing about about budget devices is the surprises it brings into your hands for the meagre amount one has to pay for them.Yes the device isn't really an eye catcher,but doesn't look out of place too. It's got all the basic functions and specs with which you can browse, play most games, listen to songs,watch videos and work on some docs. As for the surprises, the best was the touch response and smoothness of the processor as of yet. You see, this is not a monster of a spec device to burn the spec sheet, but it can really multitask and is pleasant for typing and swiping.The biggest surprise hasn't come out yet,but then it'll be sweet as a Lollipop! Yes, the future updates which most devices don't get at this price bracket... To be a critic is easy.Budget phones don't have much to show off and will definitely lack more than a few features and things, here and there. For example, one could say the device's audio could have been louder, although it doesn't distort or break at its fullest mode.Camera sensors could have been better.Call clarity could have been clearer.Internal memory should have been at least 8GB and given access to do basic functions, the battery doesn't last long enough etc etc etc.. However,considering Moto E to be a game changer in this segment, Canvas A1 does provide an equally if not more, pleasurable experience. Granted, The Moto E has a few good things better than this device, but then ,there are a few things this device has better than the Moto E too.. So, to sum it all up .. Given a few things here and there, you won't have to compromise on anything on this device and use it for 2 years without any hiccups! You can even keep it as a back up phone like me without any regrets and 6.5k lasting for 2 years with a decent performance sounds a pretty good deal, doesn't it? P.S.:- Many could argue Xiaomi Red 1S is much better and cheaper.Look at it this way,if Xiaomi gives updates OTA and that is with a big IF,there is almost no after sales service. Also, MIUI isn't stock and can face multiple issues after an OS update like hanging, slowing down, lagging and improper shutdown of apps or even worse the phone, battery could worsen and camera wouldn't focus. All that with absolutely no service support.So, it's a gamble which you are making. It may or may not pay off. Better to utilize a little less with guarantee, don't you think?
I was using a Galaxy Ace prior to using this one..so jumping from Gingerbread to KitKat needed some time to set. I have used the A1 for almost a month now. With Ace..the main problem I faced was with internal memory space..so that is gone now. I mostly use my phone for Emails, WhatsApp and Phone calls..not much into Gaming apps and after getting hold of A1 my experience has got better in many ways. 1) I charge it once a day..and the battery lasts pretty well. 2) Never faced any problem with call quality. 3) Display is pretty decent..in this budget I cannot expect a full HD display 4) No lags whatsoever.. 5) I even installed a game 'Real Racing3'..and it works very well.... 6) The phone has suffered 2 falls till now...on its first fall from 2 ft above the ground it rebooted itself (that actually scared me)..its second fall of 2 ft..didnt even bothered it..so its sturdy i guess. 7) Camera(s) seem good enough to me... 8) Saying 'Ok Google' is fun!! :) One problem i noticed is..everytime I tried to retrieve and delete SMS from the SIM..it crashes..only with deletion though..can view, read and copy to phone..just cannot delete... Since i believe that cellphones evolve every 2-3 months..and spending a fortune after them may not make sense..so in this price..its a great great deal...go Google!!
I just want to give feedback after two days of usage and I'm going to compare it with my Moto G (1st Gen). 1. Camera: If anybody have lots of expectation on camera please don't purchase it. It's camera is strictly average or below average, my Moto G have same 5mp camera but far better that it. 2. Battery: You can't expect more backup in 1700mha battery, so after a fair usage(facebook, whatsapp, app installation, call below 30 minutes) it's giving me 14 hours backup where No gaming and No 3G usage but it's connected all time with my wifi network. So I can say it's decent. 3.The phone is opening and switching between the apps very fast, I got very few lags but it's same like my Moto G, No big heating issue(already said I have not played games) but when the battery is low I can feel some heat while talking. 4. It's slim in design and the white is looking good but when you take it in your hand it feeling quite slippy and fear to fall from your hand, where MotoG have a very good grip. So, I want to give the phone 3.5 rating and I would suggest take a look of Xiomi Redmi 1s.
An Awesome Device. The entire review is based for the 6.5 K segment. Not going to compare among others. First off, device : Screen at 4.5 inches, not the best display, but very bright colour reproduction, and also good viewing in sunlight Camera same camera as in Unite 2, but the software provided by google makes it easy to click picutres. The panorama and lens blur are great for clicking decent pictures. Low light resoution is OK, and there is no noise in any of the images I have clicked so far. front camera is 2 MP, so if youre a selfie-addict this will be a big draw Software. simply one word, AWESOME. go for it because of the software. seamless android, with no bloatware. intuitive, responsive and it also has google now updates are also there, so i think it will be a very nice experience overall. I think that in terms of software, this is the BEST phone by micromax so far. the UI is better than redmi or other competitiors. obviously, you can customize it to your needs. Heat? absolutely no heating issues at all so far. Battery. because of software optimisation, light use lasts well over a day. obviously will need charging once a day. Cons: Battery should be more than 2500MA necessary this device and due to charging some time twice a day. Mobile internet. Works with airtel, reliance , tata, idea out of the box. contrary to one of the reviews I read earlier. Comparison with other devices. not needed. redmi 1s reviews are a clear indication its a crap device. 300 MB ram free on startup this phone had 700 MB free RAM at first boot. with 20 apps running, this phone has zero lag. gaming: if youre a serious mobile gamer, turn away. basic gaming is excellent.
I have been using this phone as my primary phone for a week now. I am not being generous, but the phone is the best in the 6-7k range and is a great competitor to all phone till 13k. This phone has an amazing performance. I had some 10 apps running in the background and I found NO LAGS AT ALL while switching amongst them. The display is better than expected. Even in sunlight, the visibility wasn't bad at all. Even with the lowest brightness, I could make sense of everything on my screen (I definitely wouldn't crave for more in this budget). The phone NEVER HEATS UP unlike the so-called gamechangers like Xiaomi Redmi 1s. I ran 10 apps simultaneously which included camera too, and the phone hardly even got lukewarm. The battery backup is decent. With some hours of 3G usage(3-4 hours), the phone might last a good 12 hours, on Wi-Fi it will last for more than 15 hours. I used Skype for Video Calling, used 3G for continuously 3-4 hours, saw a video or two on youtube, used the rest of the day on Wi-Fi, sync was on for my e-mails and the phone battery still lasted a good 12 hours. Camera is strictly average. Clicks decent picture in good light, but below-average in less-lighted scenes. Front camera is average too, though not bad at all. Speakers are good enough. The USP of this phone would be STOCK ANDROID and amazing HARDWARE PERFORMANCE. Have seen really few phones which have the OS and Hardware working in such harmonic tandem. Android lovers just go for it. (I would rate the phone higher than Moto E. I have used Moto E too!) Summarizing it: PROS: - Amazing hardware performance. FAB for multitasking - Stock Android - Great value for money - Amazon ships it with a 8GB memory card and a screen guard. CONS: - Average camera - Could have been better if there was a corning gorilla glass protection and some accessories like flip cover or back cover. - Really uncomfortable headphones. They hurt your ears, damn!
Purchased this phone on 21st and got it on 24th thanks to amazone dilivery. So the coons of this phone is as follows: 1)No USB storage option while connecting to pc/laptop buy selecting MTP option you have go to developers option and on USB dubbing 2) SD card is needed to snap images with camera 3) No file manager or gallery But you can download file manager from play store and Google has provided photos (inbuilt) to view images or videos And now pros. 1) phone is very smooth with no lags thanks to 1gb ram and 1.3 GHz quad core processor 2) 4.5 inch screen to good enough to watch videos as it can play videos up to 1080p 3) camera quality is decent in day light but poor in night 4) the front camera is also very good to do video calls actually front camera is 2.4 mp. 5) touch response is very super About gaming I've played dead trigger in high graphics mode with no lags asphalt 8 runs quite smooth even in high graphics mode... So if you are looking for a budget phone with good graphics and camera this phone does everything... Thanks
Phone is marketed as nexus for masses. A lot of TV advertisement with kind of amusing and funny title "apani kismat apane hath". First scene, A rajasthani sarangi player seems very happy by getting hold of android one phone. Only thing i do not understand is how that sarangi player could order it from Amazon ( at least in 2014 ) About phone- Phone is 4 star in my opinion. Best part is performance and response. I am using it very heavily since last two days and i never faced any lag. I use FB, WhatsApp, Gmail, Gallery, Camera to send real time pics to whatsapp, calls, settings etc all together and everything runs smooth in it at same time. Smart phones are smarts because of their multi-tasking power and that is where this phone will beat other phones in 6.5K segment. Screen- Screen is producing bright colors and i found it very very satisfactory. Camera and sensors- Camera is decent. Not every pixels will be crystal clear but crystal enough to read even small texts on pictures if you zoom. Proximity sensor and LED are working great. Internet speed - Connectivity is good. I used wi-fi and mobile-data, internet speed is fine in both. RAM and heating- I tracked available RAM, Around 650-700 in first boot and it never went below 300 even after heavy use. No heating issue even with heavy use. *Battery - This is where i feel i am not very happy. I think battery will not last one full day if you are a heavy user (using phone in continuous 30 minutes sprint 4-5 times) or otherwise it should last one full day in moderate use. IMO, you may need to charge it once in a day. It consumes very low battery when it is in standby but will drain out in half day if you use it continuously. Build - I thought, phone would look great from back but not from front before i bought it, but i was wrong. Phone looks great overall. Back panel will give kind of elastic texture feeling but is prone to capture the finger-prints etc. charger and usb are snap fit and should not be problem. Back Panel felt weak when i tried to open it and i thought it might not snap fit but it is not loose and fits well. Sound - Decent sound but not very loud. it may not make you move your feet on its beat but good for romantic people. I mean to say you can listen songs and watch videos with decent quality sound in house. Summary - Biggest pro - Butter Smooth, as if you are flickering your fingers over a flawless body (i mean kitkat here) in romantic night and you feel that kind of smooth feelings on your finger tips. And promise of google that you will be first to touch that flawless body of every new model launched by it till next 2 years. Cons - Battery for heavy use. I mean, who would resist touching such a beauty with great performance for longer time ?
Its a amazing buy......... After 7 days of use, I am very satisfied with the phone and I will write about my experience with this piece of marvel in electronics. The ringtone is loud and clear. The call quality is very good compared to cheap Nokia mobiles and may low budget phones. Many have complained about the low volume in earpiece. Yes it might be a little low volume but I think it is a protection to your ears from piercing loud noises from cellphones. I have not tried receiving the call in crowded places yet, but so far I don't think its not a problem. There is a little heating issue during charging, any phone would heat up while making calls or playing games and Canvas A1 is also the same, nothing to get worried. The looks -- its awesome. The phone is very thin, sleek and lightweight and I love it (though the rear camera housing could have been better). The phone will definitely be a fingerprint magnet, but any phone would be the same too. The rubberized feel is excellent and the lightweight phone is a pleasure to hold. They have provided a fairly good screen protector which is a plus.
I JUST ONE DAY WRITTING THIS honestly its too early to write any review , but first impression is as follows pros: 1. impressive body , screen colour and screen resolution 2.premium look 3.smooth touch and quick response 4.free sd card and screen guard 5.camera is decent 6.flash is ok 7.earpeice sound is average ... 8.feels good to hold 9.external speaker is average 10.front camera is ok 11.wifi works good not used the 3g yet cons: 1. screen is not full size as the 3 buttons at the bottom which are generally found outside the screen are taking the precious 2-3 mm screen space and at times annoying when you try to access them as they come up and vanish 2.ringer volume is very low 3.battery capacity is not good 4.vibration is weak 5.no covers available yet 6.sound quality is not impressive in headphones too, unable to locate any equalizer 7.i was annoyed disabling auto updates ,data back stupid google back up and drive and google plus and bla bla all crapware running without my consent if i was not smart my entire recharge would have come to 0 in seconds i pitty the newbies they may not make out whats happening verdict phone is good only if it lasts that time will tell ,,,so far so good I am still happy with what i got --will post more as and when i use guys please arrange for a microsim as soon as u place the order
Hi Guys, I ordered this phone on 18/09/2014 and phone delivered on 23/09/2014. Previously i used Xperia C and since its screen is broken i need a interim phone so bought it. Pros: 1. Butter smooth UI.( I liked this better than my xperia c) 2. Good Design and easy for one hand operation. 3. Decent Screen and viewing angles are kind of ok. 4. Good available Ram for other apps after system usage. 5. Promised android update. 6. Front cam is good. I don't use camera so am not rating it. Cons: 1. Average headset. You will feel the quality difference. you can hear jarring noise if u play heavy metal tracks. Good headphones must. 2.Battery life average. Free microsd card shipped is class 6 not class 4. For this budget you cant ask for more. If S/w experience and UI matters most to u go for it and it gives u better experience than REDMI 1s. Still redmi 1s offers better VFM but with its crappy flash sale strategy its best option.
My phone is crashed then I realized the worst service of Micromax.
Its really fantastic cell phone in the range of Rs 6500.......!!!!
Here is my review after 7 days of usage. Likes: 1. Stylish,smooth design. 2. Very good video quality. 3. Other folks had faced issue with downloading app from Play store, but i didn't face for a single time. :) :) 4. Many of folks have reported cut sim is not working. I cut 3 sims from regular to micro and all of the them work flawlessly.You guys have to cut very carefully and precisely to make it work. 4. Since it my first android so l downloaded lots of stuffs and all of them are working simultaneously. Never faced any app lag or crash till now. 5. Wifi, GPS are working superb. Did not try 3g yet. 6. No heating issues. 7. LED notification is one of the good feature. Dislikes. 1. camera quality is not good as i thought earlier. Photos with front camera are of average quality. It seems like VGA camera quality. 2. battery drains really fast. Not lasting even one day . 3. No customization with Android OS.
Guys, I purchased this phone on the launch day...Since the first week, the phone has some or other problem. The Micromax customer service is really bad. I would NOT recommend this phone to anyone. its better either you buy Nokia / Samsung.
Been using this for 2.5 months now. No such problems at all. I think battery is an issue. Gives a full day on medium usage. But needs to charge when used heavily. Build quality ; I find very good, Camera is as expected in this price range.
It's been 20 days since I'm using it and trust me it's no less than those of Nexus phones in terms of performance. Yes! the camera is slightly a drawback but there will be little compromise in everything. So!! I'm a proud Android One user.
Hi It is to bring to your kind attention that I have not received the battery, headphone and charger with this phone. I am very embarrassed as I had purchased it as a birthday gift for my wife and the accessories were missing. Please provide me with the missing items.
It has several problems.Sometimes it Shut-Downs automatically.There's a toch problem in which is creating a lot of problems.It doesn't respond several times.times. Don't know what has happened but it is craeting "Lot Of Problems".
Indian Nexus is a very true word for this phone. Micromax has won over Samsung in sales. So it is obvious who is being better than whom. Amazon is lucky to get this Andriod Once deal with Micromax. Superb packing by Amazon.
Good Mobile Fast and lag free experience Google Now ready and works absolutely fine Build Quality is good Camera is responsive and takes pictures of good quality Overall good for the price at which it is available
Go buy it !! Without hesitation.. This is the best phone till 15K range. Runs very smoothly.. Good quality camera.. 1GB RAM.. I ordered with extra 99rs for guaranteed one day delivery. And I received it next day.
I am using this phone for last 10days. I am very happy with this... It exactly offers all that is mentioned in the amazon site. Plus the free data card..it was amazing experience to shop on amazon. Battery is little problem..
The screen feels slight budget compared to moto e...n d wallpaper does no scroll more than once on d desktop.. A few minor glitches if corrected would make this product d best in this segment! No tech issues so far othrwise.. Real smooth
Pros: Good Phone with great touch, Fast android Updates, Back Feels Good with Rubber Matt Finish, Cons: Screen resolution should have been a QHD at least. Battery draining Fast, Average Camera Clarity But Ok for the price.
Nice phone with best features for the price loving it!! But only once I had a fast battery drain without use.. Dunno y.. But then it is working so well.. I have been using this phone nearly a month best buy for phones within 6000 bucks!!
the battery charge is not good as it gets discharged in a few hours . the instrument gets hot very fast.if an icon a name is clicked for dialing once the same is disconnected other phone nos.earlier dialled get connected automatically.
If you are confused between Moto E & Micromax Canvas A1, then this Micromax Canvas A1 is best to buy. It has pre-installed Android version 4.4.4. It is light in weight and fast in performance. I hope it is possible to upgrade Android L.
"friends if your finding a budget / latest phone then your journey has finished now. its great i am using it. but only one problem it battery is only 1700mAh it do not last long, other vise it is adorable .............. buy it."
I like the movile.. camera is also working fine.. the only negative i am pointing out is the battery back.. one day it get heated up and charge drained out very soon.. it occured for only one day.. else , i am satisfied with the product
Hopeless phone. 1. Pathetic battery 2. Heating Problem 3. Loss of voice of other person while calm waiting 4. Not able to divert call 5. Even build not phone is not up to mark Regards, Parun
Positive (+) -------------- ►Speedy Delivery From Amazon ►Small and Cute Phone ►Love 'Google' So Love this 'android one' ►Excellent Sound Clarity ►Fast Performance without a single lag ►Smooth Touch ►Gripped Body and Perfect Design ►Long and quality USB Cable ►Compass, Notification LED, Light Sensor etc ►Android 4.4.4 ►Fast GPS Lock Negative (-) -------------- ►Internal memory is NOT user accessible, It's only for Apps. ►No Hardware soft-touch keys but Software Navigation Keys only ►No File Manager, Gallery, Video Player by default (But you can get one from Play store) ►No USB Mass Storage Option while connecting USB Cable. Only MTP & PTP ►No option to display Battery Percentage in Battery icon in Statusbar (There's no option also in the original android) ►Both SIMs are Micro Anyway, A Recommend Phone for beginner's and smartphone lovers!
Specifications are good and value for money. If you wanna compare it fairly with other similarly prized products, only Moto E comes closed that too with few features missing. Guarantee of Android updates in future is icing on the cake.
First time I opted for micromax phone and this phone proved really good. It's camera, display and speakers are quite good. Best thing is its very fast compared to other phones of similar specifications. Rates are comparatively too low.
i gave it one star, i did not get 10% cash back, and not satisfy with your Rs 2000 coupon, because i want this coupon for one items that will the benefit but got which divide 10 time of this coupon for 10 items, i hate to these offers
Lovely phone with some cons like No File Manager and Battery Duration ( All smartphones have low battery duration) Specifically this phone is very good in this range there are no 4 and half star ratings which i wish to give this phone.
Best budget smartphone Really its great to use a google project by micromax Low price more features I thinks its the best smartphone in world under 6500rs Socho maat kharidlo isko n"Google nexus" ka maza lo
Phone is not Good as expected. This phone does not have Gallery to view your files and pictures. The working is not smooth and very low battery back up as well. Gallery is a very basic thing and this is very huge drawback. Thank you!!
It is an awesome deal. Mobile works exceptionally good. One problem that I faced was that it displays some time that no SIM inserted for SIM 1 although SIM is not even removed. In this case we are able to receive and make calls.....
The only problem is that you cannot browse SD card manually nor you can take any apps from other phones. But nothing to worry you can download es file manager so that you can install apps from your SD card. Otherwise phone is awesome.
but what about special offer promised to customers as part of promotion schemes. Free downloads of apps for airtel users is on such promise remained unattended. It is very disappointing even after talking to your customer care people.
The phone that I just purchased does not read the SIM card. I have tried with 2 different micro sim cards however it does not work on both the slots. Can i only use a pre manufactured micro sim in this phone or there is some problem with the phone. Please help.
Good one for Smart phone begineers. Got a phone first, it had speaker issue. So returned the phone to amazon and got my money returned. Again ordered this phone, and its working good. Good support by Amazon. Good phone, worth buying.
Phone worth every penny. Have been using since last 2 weeks, no issues so far. Feels it gets a bit heated while talking and then the voice becomes a little unclear. But will still rate 5 because of features it delivers in this price.
Great phone.... just only one problem that the speaker is on the backside and the speaker volume is also low u have to keep it on table with the screen downwards otherwise u r not able to here that the cell is ringing.
1)Enhancement settings are not provided in call settings. 2) Driving mode not provided. 3) Camara result is not up to the mark as of 5 MP. Pl update the above defects of the instrument. Regards, Paresh Adhiya
overall ok, but take to full charging 4 hours, black colour not ok try to white, amazan delivery speed ok, but i am getting delivery to their office, bcoz they told my address not coverage. i think servise of GATI very worst sevice
Good one for new users. In built gallery & music player is not there, so you need to download some apps. Apps cant be transferred in A1. Overall good. Camera sensor is fine. Speaker output is more than average. Good value for money.
We have purchased this phone on 15 OCT 14. I am very happy with this phone in this price. Before this we have Samsung galaxy Pop and in this phone lots of problem happening. Over all i am very satisfied with this. Thanks to Amazon
its a good budget phone . i have brought phone asus zenfon 4 , asus zenfone 450, redmi 1s all are okay . but this is only phone which comes guaranteed update and with no security issue. the plus point the freebie along with phone.
This phone is very smooth. Touch is also good (supports upto 10 fingers multitouch),runs apps and games very smooth, Trust me Asphalt 8 running flawlessly. You will compromise for the battery. Everything else is 10 out 10.
This phone is equal to Google nexus.. No where you can get such a good phone for such a cheap price like this.. Hardware quality is excellent. And phone performance awsm. Instead of paying for Samsung go for this. This phone rocks..
I really love the product. Awesome features. The best part of it, that it is very slim, and touch pad is worthy. I am using Xperia E1 with same price. But when i compared both, its good to use, where as E1 has hanging problem a lot.
too awsome phone fr dis price gives comptetion to 12-15000 phones so smooth touch very nic graphic user interface awsoooomeeee processor the phone does nt hangs at all very cool phone in this range mmx canvas a-1
Its the best phone in this Budget but its rear camera is not upto the mark..its rear cam is 5MP but Nokia's 2MP is better than this..Also it can be used as a mirror while using in Sunlight....You cannot see anything in Sunlight....For all new Smart phones Do visit infinitetechinfo
Amazon customer service is excellent. Phone is of average quality. One of the major defect is the difficulty in app installation. It takes a lot of time to get apps installed. Further update to lollipop throgh OTA is yet to arrive.
It's really awesome. Phone paid its full price. Camera quality is very good. Sound feature is good with headphone. Battery should be 2500 mh for this set. Rest is OK. If someone think to buy a smart phone then he should go for it.
VERY GOOD PHONE WITH LATEST ANDRIOD VERSION 4.4.4 BUT THE PROBLEM IS THAT THERE IS NO FILE MANAGER,RAM CLEAR SOFTWARE AND YOU CANNOT USE PHONE MEMORY FOR ANY PURPOSE EXCEPT INSTALLING OF APPS REDMI 1S IS MORE BETTER THAN ANDRIOD 1
Good touch, latest android software{4.4.4}, phone is not catching signal for 3g properly don't know why, avg. display, below avg build quality,no hanging or lagging problem till date, overall good micromax phone at this price point
Guys I bought this phone on December 16 thinking soon I would get lollipop running on this one but now moto g2 is running on lollipop . When I check it is giving me running on latest version message. Otherwise everything is great.
I am using this phone and i am very happy with the performance of the phone... 6 heavy games are installed in my phone and still phone is running as fast as earlier... Is this phone is available with both side white colour ??
Very nice phone with good performance.Camera and led flash is too good, fast internet ,no hanging problem with 1 GB RAM. I used it from 27 th September and I am satisfied .Thanks to micromax and also google for making such phone.
Amazing service by amazon.com. ..got my four days earlier as the said date. As for the androidone, it is the best phone at this price. It is slim and light weight. Has a smooth touch. Serves all the purpose of normal working.
Very good phone. The whole reason for being on Android One platform is the assurance of getting the updates. No other phone guarantees this at this price point. Very fast sleek and good product for the price point.
Mastt phone hai boss .. All should try this if budget is low.. It is the wright phone too choose .. And amazon service as usual it is.. And I like it I love the seren white look of the phone.. Let's see what it gives me in futer..
I am surprised,it call 3g Mobil with 2mgpix front camera but there is no option to make any video call.I received this phone on 6th October.only this reason I not like the phone.If I would have known before then I wouldn't buy it.
Pros- 4.4.4 Kitkat and gets update when released Nice battery backup Dual sim (3g + 3g) Quad core processor Cons- Camera not upto the mark No gallery app No file manager Micro sim
i purchased this phone. its amazing..i dont expect that.i thought it just normal phone.but it is super.excellent speed.touch is nice.camera is good.its worth just 6.5k....light weight.i am fully satisfied about this phone....
internet setting is not available yet(from any network).......whole system functions are linked to internet (google obviously)......personal data storing in it may face threats........by the way overall performance is good......
Phone Is Awesome Had no lags But Camera quality is bit low, but we can't complaint about this boz this a budget phone. Performance is awesome, I compared Moto G And Andoid One but finally i go for the Canvas A1. Love This Phone...
Feeling very happy after the got this piece. Nice picture quality , good touch. Low bujet with lots of features available. function working very smoothly. Everthing is good. Also 1GB ram and 1.3GHz with dual camera at only 6.5k .
I have given this phone to service center within 2 month of purchasing. Still same issue coming. The problem is contacts and call log is not showing some time and taking around 3/4 minutes to update. Please take return the phone.
First of all Thank you Amazon to send item at good condition .This mobile is very beautiful and comfort it works well. Display Ram Camera Battery standby Design all are good.It is very best phone in this price. I fully satisfied
It's a good phone with good specifications. But, battery isa draw back,once we start gaming or wifi then battery will be down very quickly. If the company improves on this factor, then it's really a good phone with good features.
Best entry level smartphone, but it is very prone to stains and fingerprints. Speed, looks, display, almost everything is good. Battery life should have been extended, but not a problem, once charged fully it serves for full day.
I like this phone.its stylish,a budget phone and have all the features that are required but bluetooth is not working.i m surprised to notice that mp3 format data cannot be sent or received.i cant understand y is this so...???!!!
using it since 3 weeks, everything is perfect...only problem is Battery back up. still we can say its descent. stays 15-18(wifi: 3-4hrs,Gaming:1/2 hr,rest all the time Vodafone 2G ) hrs with moderate usage. overall great product.
Good phone at this price. Battery could have been better. Also Amazon gave Rs 500 gift card free during Diwali offers barely 15 days after launch offers. This makes me feel cheated because I booked the phone just 15 days earlier.
I got the mobile through Amazon.in. I got it one week after my order. Phone performance is really good. 3G internet speed is really amazing. 1700 battery is the only problem. Otherwise the mobile is worth for this price
Got my phone today... Thanks to amazon and India post.. Delivered my phone 3 days before the estimated delivery. Google and Micromax rocks... But I am not able to access the memory card contents. If anyone knows please do reply..
just unboxed.... veryyyyy smoooooth... it seems to b great value for money.... only the build quality is a bit low.... the best thing is i ll get updates very soon which even a high end smartphone wont get :p
i purchased this phone last week, but this phone No file manager and Gallery. So I install ES file manager from playstore,but this Es file manager couldn't see internal manager ... that's only my complaint...otherwise phone well
Yes, I have liked the Micromax Canvas A1 with Android One. It has got all the features that I wanted in a smartphone . However, it does not have "schedule time on and off" feature so I have to manually switch off and on.
Very good phone and performs well to its spec. Looks great. I recommend to all as it is very good value for money and is like any other good brand phone- I would say it beats apple or samsung for great features at very low price
Nice phone but little costly Features are good.ring tone option is not there.built in tortch light is missing. Overall excellent phone.movement is awesome.if they reduce the pri e around 5500 then it rocks
Fantastic product.Good that I waited in past to select reasonably priced product. I purchased it from Amazon on the launch day. 1st purchase on Amazon, feeling very delighted. Another excellent product from Micromax...keep it on
Low price is not everything now a days.this phone right from third day giving problem in camera,screen locking is not working, searching service station in West Delhi,some body told to go ShalimarBagh,quite inconvenient to me...
The phone is great, but i got 2.7 GB ROM only . And worst type of earphone And we can't share apk file using Bluetooth. And there are no option for gallery and file manager. But, all is OK.... It's the grate smartphone....
I bouht this unit 10 days back. Features are good.But as per the offer (For Airtel users, Free software upgrades and app downloads for 6 months) Airtel is not supporting for upgrading app downloads. Janardhanan, Bangalore..
Mic of the phone was defective. It stopped working many times.
best bang for your buck ... albeit the camera sucks big time !
A good device from Google and micromax...... u have to wait for OS Updates....bt other features are good.The device doesnt lag at all.The only problem is battery capacity is to small.It is the best product in this price range.
Excellent smart phone by Micromax in this price range. Very good performance. Bought two, other colour is black. There's not much difference in performance of both, only colour. Only one has to put extra care with white colour.
Its really worth spending 6499 Rs on this product....as it has latest Android version which include updated features....Just one major defect is about Battery......Speedily gets down if using an Internet.....Else...Its Good...
Excellent phone within budgets . . look wise its really cool. but the only issue with it was vibration of voice in incoming calls, for that I had to reduce the volume from maximum to medium or using headset with it ...
1) Battery life is half day only with Internet on. Not satisfactory. 2) No blinking spot for full charging and no highlights for missed calls - are problematic. 3) Further, detals after using the phone littele longer.
Android One is a bag full of lies. Don't buy this phone or any of Google products. Google in India is a liar just as every service in our country. So need to think Google is a great company. This phone is average, there are lots of phone with these specs you can buy for the same or lower price. There is nothing special offered by Google to this phone. NEVER BUY THIS PHONE. THERE WAS NOT EVEN ONE UPDATE IN 5 MONTHS. LEAVE ALONE THE LOLLIPOP UPDATE, NO SECURITY UPDATE NO STABILITY UPDATE, NOTHING. ZERO STARS FOR ANDROID ONE.
The pros considering the price 1) certainly android updates !!! 2) Nice touch and display 3) Fairy good built quality 4) 2mp front camera 5) Pretty good performance with 1.3 proce and 1gb ram it can compete with moto g on performance. 6) Didnt find heating issue but certainly was some heating on screen while charging Cons 1) 5mp camera not good enough light sensitivity should be better even for this price 2) No light sensor and issue with message managing on sim cards. 3) Reflective screen( Gorilla glass a must) 4) didint like the Micromax logo. The one things which looks so cheap in this phone. cant they put a high quality material for their logo or please change the stupid looking logo who designed it? I would prefer the price to be 5500 not 6500 since there is Remi 1s for 6000 with specification wise far better than this phone so i am sure micromax can definitely sell it for 5500. but i didnt take 1s now since there is 10% cash back on sbi cards :) so buy this phone now..and certainly if you have sbi card..and dont worry about it being a micromax device..
I got a defective set. Its sim slots r defective,does not support all sims and when ever i turned on data connection it becomes switched off and again it restarts. Thanks to amazone.in it approved my return i will be refunded wth full amt soon.....
One of the best phones money can buy @6000/- Always a pure android fan. Software support for 2 yrs.. what more can you expect?. My usage review - phone's great but the pictures suck. The videos are good though.
This is a very good phone. Having all necessary features. Good built quality, good speed. Only thing is you don't find inbuilt file manager. Screen size is good, front and back camera also good. Overall happy to purchase this.
Good mobile under 6500....back camera poor image compared to front camera, while speaking to any one I can't hear voice sound is less when I kept at full volume also . this problem is in both loud speaker and internal speaker.
Nice phone in budget. I m using this phone for past 1 mnth. Nice to handle. Camera may be disadvantage. I bought samsung galaxy s duos before 2 yrs for 19k. Comparing with that this better. So i recommend this phone.
I am bit disappointed due to the incorporation of hardware buttons like "Back, Home & Windows" as software buttons. This will effectively reduce the screen size. The 4.5" screen has reduced to 4.3" screen.
back camera panel is now scratched after a 1 month use. looks very ugly now. if there is any paint to paint it or changing the panel do someone suggest. where to change the camera panel? the performance is very good .damn good
Don't buy this phone. The seller gives you faulty items with this pack. The so called free SD card and screen guard are of poor quality. The SD card has never worked for me. Even I have not received my 10% cash back till date.
I have bought this product on 14.09.2014 the day it was released on line in amazon and received in 4 days and since then it is working fine and of course it is my first smart budget phone and our family enjoying it's features.
I am happy with the mobile but the pomotions ae supposed to be ecieved by 15ht oct. ON follow up also thee is no info from custome care. Since 6 years Iam registered to amazon. this is the first time I am facing the concerns.
I am surprised at how good this phone is. for this Price it is worth every penny. google will also give immediate updates to this device like the moto g. That is amazing. its Super fast.thank you amazon for batter service also
Delivery by Amazon is simply fantastic. So punctual, I should really appreciate team Amazon. And the phone is really worth it for the money. Am loving the performance. I will strongly recommend you to buy the phone.
This is my 1st SmartPhone and I must say with price Tag of 5200 (6400 - cashacks) , this phone is awesome, The best part of the phone is that all the software products are tunned very nicely and it works with them very well.
Awesome mobile. camera clearity is fine. good flash, Front camera also fine. Very good sound clerity. There is a message indicator and call indicator LED makes me happy. Finest screen. white color mobile is very good looking.
Lovely packing. .. Neat and clean... Didn't expect for such nice delivery. .. Phone is awesome.. using since October 19th... lovely phone. .. white colour rocks. . Thank you Amazon.. No flaws till today...
Value for money.....same price as redmi 1s but this is certified by Google and runs pure android...the hardware also certified by google so it is worth the money...also for next two years I will get all latest android updates
Awsm phone set.. But for newer it's difficult to use. This is my first android set of my life.so i know the difficulty. Others amazon's delivery is just have no word. I ordered for 7 day delivery. But amazon tooks only 4days.
Overall performance of device is good. But i am facing some techincal issues. When i play music and radio on handsfree, google bar on desktop gets auto activated frequently. Also Music player app in between get end.
Battery drains out quickly... Even with average usage.., big turnoff Not able to detect 3g in good reception area Problems in connecting the over WiFi.. Certainly below expectations...from google specialy
great product, real experience, u can never get such quality features (camera,speed,touch, looks etc) at this price i think one should go for it. i am using it for 20 days, it shows not a single problem, works good.
Its not that great. But cant expect more @ this price. Problem faced :: USB port stopped working on the 3rd day after the purchase. @Micromax :: Please improve the USB port. It is not at all smooth.
The flaw is,on the screen WiFi seems to be connected. But sometimes The mobile says I am off line, To connect to the web I have to switch off the WiFi and switch it on by going to settings. This I am having on my two mobiles.
but the battery problem like wise there is not a good pack up
Just got updated to LolliPoP(26/3)..... Using from 4months... Good in all features & performance & smooth touch... Both camera clicks good in day light.. Display & sound are good.. but battery backup is average...
Really good choice. Go for it not a single issue since last 4 months. It is said that os updates will be available for next 2 years. Motorola is updating and I am waiting for new updates. When it will be available?
This phone is superb...in this price of range u not get anything more than this..its working cool..like supercar...games play awsome..just 1 regret video shooting very bad..camera its ok..battery ok.1 Day .. Im Happy ..
It is just above average phone. Phone drivers is not available so cannot be connected to computer. Battery backup is just average but charged quickly. Phone gets heat up when playing games more than 30 minutes
Battery performance is worst, heating like hell Don't buy this Micromax product , OS/Software is good but hardware is very bad, Its giving 2-3 Hrs of battery after 100% charging and not able to call/use/sms because of heat.
the phone looks and performs exceptionally well...the overall experience is great..andriod one really seems like a wonderful benchmark for other smartphones and as of now it really impresses...amazon delivery was on the dot!
Its just amazing.just loved the look of this phone. Only thing is you need Micro Sim card which i was not aware. but the Camera quality is really good. and feel lucky to view this on Amazon on grab it...Thank you Amazon.!!!!
No doubt it's one of the well featured smartphone under ₹7000.But it's performance isn't good at all especially touch response.Moreover many softwares can't be run properly even System UI also automatically stops few times!
This is a very nice phone especially for the first time android users. It does not pinch your pocket also. The only problem is that the battery drains away too quickly. Rest of the specs are awesome. I am loving this phone.
I LIKE THIS MOBILE. FEATURES IS SO GOOD. BUT ONE PROBLEM IN THIS MOBILE FILE MANAGER HAS BEEN NOT GIVEN INBUILD FEATURES. BUT YOU CAN DOWNLOAD THE FILE MANAGER FROM PLAY STORE. AND OVERALL THIS MOBILE IS GOOD IN THIS RANGE.
Value for Money. May be a bit on the higher side looking at the specs but for low to moderate use for android users its a very good option. With 2 years back up / update plan from google its a steal. Overall a good product.
This phone is more than meets the eye. It has got a decent looks, 1gb ram, and the touch sensitivity is really good. Disappointed about the 4gb ROM. A mobile like this should have a 8gb ROM. But overall this phone is good.
Bought this phone before a month and still working great. Value for money at this price tag. Camera, build quality and graphics performance is great even after rough use phone doesn't lag. A must buy phone for budget users.
Hats of to Amazon for its prompt delivery and the packaging. As for the product, exceptionally fantastic. At this price range its really worth a buy. Really classy.........better than other A1s like Karbon & Spice etc......
Micromax Canvas A1 with Android One (Magnetic Black) have all function or look like Sony Experia.... but there are a problem photos and videos file are mix-up....there are not showing photos and videos seperatly....!!!
Am very happy wit this mobile. Thank to Google group for supporting India with this low budget powerful and updated smart phone.... The only drawback I can say wit this Mobile is the battery which is jus 1700mah.
Dont purchase any mobile from Micromax as once u receive the packet from courier, it will start giving u problem like poor battery backup, speaker failure etc. I experienced it with micromax when i purchased micromax modu mobile in snapdeal and during the one year warranty period , the mobile was under service with service centre for battery problem, mic failure etc. I hardly used it for one month. After many service, the mic was stopped working suddenly and when i approached the local service centre, they responded poorly and did not even accept the mobile for service stating that warranty period is over. I even agreed to pay for service but they simply said the mobile is gone for ever and cant be repaired. I gave so many mails to micromax helpline but the company did not responded at all and flately refused to give replacement.. My sincere advise to all to avoid buying micromax mobiles to save their money. Tell your friends and spread it.
BEST PURE ANDROID EXPERIENCE IN THIS RANGE.. BEST VALUE FOR MONEY YOU CAN GET.. I WOULD SUGGEST EVERYONE TO HAVE THIS WHO ARE LOOKING FOR BELOW 10K.. FEELS GREAT IN HAND, ITS FAST, AND BATTERY LAST LONG..:-)
Nice phone..But camera is very poor..very light weight to carry..sound is very less..Satisfied phone..Dont xcept too much from the phone..Price should be lower than this...Go for other options like moto E,Assus Zenfone etc
The entry level fone is nice but i thought being Mircomax i could get more from the battery life as i bought the same keeping in mind that i needed a dual SIM an apps on it to make it a comprehensive phone for daily needs.
Delivery was prompt. I ordered on 17 step and received on 20th. Unbelievable. Phone is really good. I liked it. But I m facing prob with internet connectivity. That's the only back log I have seen. Otherwise its fantastic.
Shocked to see NO Gallery app out of the box. After few days usage, there were trouble to send sms and now sms cannot be sent. I have checked all settings but could not resolve it. Network acceptance is also an issue.
The SD card received along with the Mobile is not working, these are the draw back of purchasing any electronic goods online, as we don't get warranty and we can't even go and replace the same, and no one is even bothered.
good phone , even better than redmi 1s and lenovo a6000
I bought this phone 2weeks back til now no problem occur ...
this product is very good & handling is very easy i like it.
Delivery on time, with regular feedback hazel free no tension Iam using Android one, canvas a1 for now hangs sometime when playing continuously but very good phone for this price but I am comfortable with this phone.
The phone is fast. Screen looks good, build quality is also fantastic. Battery lasts for about 10-12 hours. It was a pain to put the memory card inside its slot. Other than that, a good vfm handset. Recommended!
Very good phone at this price tag.... Runs smoothly... Average battery backup.... Whole day backup without internet usage... At this price tag must go for it.... Promised android update lollipop 5.0.... Must Go for it....
After 2days use.all are good it's stock android.little bit customize by micromax.battery draining very fast.some prob I suffer while gaming its lagging some time's.come on freinds thats acceptble its 6499 Overall good buy
At this price micromax android one is the superb choice. Fulfilling all basic and some advance android facilities it satisfies me. For this range of price to choose in android phone I would suggest to go with Micromax A1.
Such a superb phone. A great battery backup if u charge it firstly for continuous four hours on first day. Latest android. Good camera. Smooth processing. Google baba ka aashirvaad. Its a paisa vasool Se bhi uper phone...
Really worth the price. The Display size is good can be handled with one hand, & is having a good resolution. No lag in opening apps. Battery life is good, currently using only one SIM though. Overall a good budget phone.
camera quality & sound quality is good enough . but if you are bass lover then you will be miss that thing in this phone . overall phone ia really worth it . since in this price bracket this is the best phone .
The hand free headset that came along has stopped working after 2 weeks.. That is the only thing not supplied by Google.Micromax should have given a better quality headset. Even the ear piece hurts. Phone is working fine.
I have bought a phone one week ago. Everything is perfect.. Volume is little low but decent. Camera quality is medium. & Flip cover for the same not launched yet... My Credits - 8.8/10
Mobile is very good but these is only one demerits I.e. the selection of 3g network only.in this phone 3g preference option is there. Only 3g or 2g option should be there for better internet use. Kindly focus about this.
Though the product was delivered in good time. It has got problems within 15 days of minimal use. Now it refuses to switch on. And it can't be switched off. How do I get a servicing done and avail of the online warranty?
The best android with smooth operating and camera quality is OK .. There will be no blure after taking snap . good for small budget good configuration.. Good one thanks for amzon for delivering the product on time..
Cheap and best buy.Awesome specs and the camera is amazing. processor is good. I would completely recommend this phone. Bought the phone for this Diwali, no lag or any other problems experienced yet. Anyhow Superb phone.
Received product by next day that's great, but it is faulty piece. There is fault in camera. So now i have to visit their service center n they might be they will take 15 days to repair as i know the service of micromax.
This is really a good phone with all necessary feature which any other company give at a much higher price.. It's better than redmi 1S with no heating problem and ram issue... This phone worth's much more than its price
The phone is indeed amazing in its looks and specs. One couldn't ask for more in this price range. And the best part is it's a Google phone. So don't hesitate guys. It is 100% satisfactory. Value for money is guaranteed.
it is extremely good. sound quality is good and the over all performance is also gud hanged one time before attending a call but i think thats not a big deal....camera is of vry gud quality over all it is value for money
ordered it yesterday and got a defective piece.. the overall phone was going on great till i realized a problem with the front camera.. was really looking froward to it but had to return it..!! dissapointed..!!
I bought this item on 15 Oct 2014 and received it on 19 Oct 2014, thanks amazon for the fast delivery About the phone - Feel like well build - No lag (haven't tested any games, I'm more of a social networking guy) - Camera is decent for this price range (Features like photo sphere, lens blur are great) - Well you can't expect a 1700 mAh battery to stay long, but you will expect it to charge "lightning fast", well in this case its not. - Standby time on this phone just amazed me, I went to sleep with 36% battery backup, keeping data on, well I woke up with 33% battery backup, still working on believing - Smoothest android experience you can get on a 1GB ram because its android one - The 4.5 inch screen is good but it takes some effort to read or do tasks in bright sunlight - Sound output is just average
I bought this phn 3mnths back .........n I must say .....I can't get a better phn.......than this .........in 6500 .,........its fast ..........even if I switch to 1 application to other frequently.......in love with A1
I have purchased this phone 2 month before.The phone has stopped working. When i brought it to service center, they said there is problem in the mother board. It takes atleast 25 days to repair. The service need to be improved
Excellent phone at this price. Excellent look. Excellent voice (phone call n music) Excellent proceser speed. Excellent rear n front camera (outdoor) but not in low light. Overall it is a Good phone.
Facing lot of problem with phone due to following reasons.1)Producing lot of heat while speaking 2)Getting eardrum pain 3)Very low battery backup.Please take back the mobile and return my money.Purchased on 23rd Sep'14.
This phone is very good in this range.Camera is not too good. But it is heated up while charging nd using.So i send back this item to amazon for replacement/refund. I hope amazon concern on my issue as soon as possible.
Canvas A1 is surely a good model.. But the battery backup of my set is not agreable. But the camera, software and other features are absolutely fantastic taking in consideration what cost we are paying for it.
The awesome and cheapest phone that I saw..........it rocks
already bought 2 phone.. Very much satisfied with the phone
I filly satisfied with Micromax Canvas A1 with Android One.
As everyone is saying with Android One Google with partnership with Micromax has managed to package all the great features which were till now only available only for premium devices into this device which is 6.5k and guess what, they have managed to keep the same standards like premium mobiles. One this is for sure, this phone does not feel like a cheap china handset when you use it. On the day I received my phone, I full charged it and explored all the features for a whole night. Things I dont like in this phone. 1) Speaker(Not the audio, the loud speaker). The speaker quality is very poor when playing music in loud speaker. When playing thru head phones the sound is great. This is my one night findings, WIll update if I find any more defects on further use. This I like. Every feature not listed above :)
The canvas android one do not have facility of attaching any contacts or vcard through default messaging apps. While it allows to have sharing of any saved contact through other what's up. . missing very common feature in this model
Its been more than 6 months I brought it fro my wife. its running perfectly as expected. Nice phone. There is little concern with battery back up. It goes for one day if you keep data pack on for while day else 2 days.
I was very eager to buy a new smartphone. I got to know about android one. It is very smooth phone with good hardware. The android updates are always avb. Very good phone at such a low cost. Thank you Amazon for this.
Nice phone. Best in range. And best part is, it is working on kitkat. I also have xperia C but it still working on jelly bean... So great option. And amazon service is also good. Full points to Android One.... Micromax
This phones is nice buy at rs 6500.The nice thing about this phone it feels nice in hand and in the pocket.Performance is also nice.Only drawback is screen resolution. If it had been 720p phone it would be Blockbuster.
For the price i had paid, i thought the features are really good whether it is regarding screen size, pixel ratio, camera quality, battery life. What not its really got impressive looks and loving it. Thank you amazon.
Its the best mobile in this range or above also. Please don't buy redmi 1s it has a lot of problems. You can buy this with your eyes closed and maybe the product can be defective but return if so. GO FOR IT PERFECT BUY
Its value for money product & gave excellent Android experience for 1st time Smart phone users. But battery get drained at the end of day & cann't speak comfortably on phone more than 20miins as it gets heated up.
No phone is as good as micromax canvas A1 with in the price range of 6k to 10k. After using it for almost a week below are the list of pros and cons... Pros : I am impressed by the touch and smoothnes of this device. I used moto x, the touch is super responsive like moto x. Tried all basic apps and games. Tested running multiple apps in background still it is running smooth with no lag at all. I am a fan of stock android phone. As it is a pure google phone I am getting around 550 mb of ram after installing 60 apps. So it can run high end games. It is like the sibling of nexus phones. It will be getting updates for 2 year as promised by google. Nice secondary camera for video calling and taking selfis. No heating issue. Cons: Primary camera could have been better. Speaker could have been louder.
Awesome phone... My expectarion were far too high but thus phone has made those expectations look smaller...(seriously) Pros. Very smmoth Ui Regular Updates all the others are known by you as u read the specs. The display is treat to eyes if u were using Nokia feature phones or lowend phones. .Cons No cons. For this price range!. Now pl beware pf these things. #Dont attempt to put ur screenguard urself(even if u think u can do it, dont do it it is dificult and needs practice ...go to mobile vendor he will jst take 10-20 rs for it.) Dont cut ur mini sim into micro.(apply for a new sim) DONT ORDER A MEMORY CARD WITH THIS.it comes with a free mem. Card.(8gb class 6) Buy a case for it. Back attracts Finger prints and oil. Moreover the petruding Camera module is prone to damages.
Every function in this phone is absolutely fine except the sim slots and the micro sd card slot. They are not working thats the quality of Micromax. They don't even test their phones before packaging the product.
U need improve in internal storage....it doesn't work like u say....net connection is the main problem.... Camera is good.. Feature mmmm also.,but u hold this like old version n added only android one....that's it...
The Android one is okay as per my expectations.But I have two small querries 1) I cannot set the external ringtone & 2) when USB cord is conected to computer it does not show any of the mobile data on computer screen.
good phone , value for money and quick delivery by amzon. except the battery backup.free bees are not yet received . free download using Airtel is also not available.package should have contained a suitable flipcover.
As it is advertise in media device is really good from every aspect, if battery would have been bit higher capacity then it would have been better. Amazon service is good, customer care address issues in a ziffy.
This is a perfect phone to gift someone who hasn't used a smartphone before. The Android one program just adds more value to this little gem. Overall impressed with decent screen, camera and the usual Androi features.
The mobile is Good but the Charger is not working. when contacted customer care within 15 days for replacement they r asking visit Service Center. its too bad . The product is d new one how come it can fail working.
At this rate...this mobile is is fantastic... May Be this is my Good luck... Both Cameras working fine...like Nokia level.... Quality.... If company make screen 5 inch screen I will purchase 2-3 more... Ajaylawindia
Display Clarity is Well, Better Camera to cover 100 members in a Single photo for Lengthy Shoot, But disadvantage is We can't Access Internal Memory but its used for only Installation of Apps , This Is Worth For 6.5k
Decent for the price, okay battery. However touch is bad and feels really cheap when you experience the touch. I had high hopes from Micromax as Canvas has better touch than Galaxy S*** series. Nevertheless good buy!
battery time is very less. File manager as it is a basic application, not available in micromax C. A1. Actual screen size is less than advertisement screen as back and some touch key function are in bottom of screen.
This phone really amazed. Me. Awesome performance. .. Must have.... Runs high end games like asphalt 8 Smoothly.. Good battery backup.. Overall.. Nothing like anything.. Good job #micromax #amazon
Product is fine. The camera isn't good and also the default camera app. In low light conditions it doesn't work good and also the focus angle of the camera isn't wide at all. I noticed some lag when using the camera.
I gifted it to my mom on her n'day she is a happy user of handset, I must say it is 8/10 in all respects except battery backup, that hardly matters to me as my mom's usase is low so best for her in all respect.......
Micro Max Canvas A1 phone features and camera is ok but battery performance is very very poor. 100% battery (fully chared) only performed 2 to 3 hours.You can not bring out side home. great loss to choose this phone.
- fast - sharp screen - battery life is good - stylish back - camera quality is good and the best of all guranteed google updates and kitkat 4.4.4 its a must buy. it meets my expectation
very nice phone .. nice 11 cm ips display..similar to samsung.. 1 gb ram 4gb rom, 1.3 gz prosessor... nice speaker and sound...with notification light.. its working great... VALUE OF MONEY...
it's simply brilliant you don't have to think twice just go for it!!! People are asking me frequently about this ANDROID ONE device as they aren't up for sale in retail outlets.... it deserves every paisa you earned.
Phone - I Love IT AMAZON delivery - WORST of all ....
The product is very nice in this price segment. Love it...
At the price of 6499₹ this is great phone. Main problem is that play store is not working properly on 2g & sometimes on 3g networks. Other is that no built-in file manager app, but after all this is good phone.
I booked this set on 27th of oct and i got it on31st of oct.. Really very fast delivery.... The phone is very good looking, nice features, camera.. Overall performance is very good in this price range.....
Hi its a good smartphone but I am facing some problems. Internet is not working properly or very very slow. I have purchased this phone on 10% cash back on sbi debit card. How can I get it back plz suggest
Had this phone today. Had a nice experience using it. But apps are not downloading via play store. :( Can't install file manager,share it and many more apps. Pls help me out. Also I can't receive apps via Bluetooth.
Excellent features and look. The battery could have been better, though. Another small hitch is that I could not set a ring tone from my music album, since it would only recognize ring tones provided with the phone.
Camera quality is good. Sound quality is good. We can easily play HD videos.Support HD. Battery backup meets our satisfaction level. It Comes with 8 GB sd card. Processor speed is very good.
This is very nice phone at this price point, only the matter is, all the data will be back up by Google, privacy is the only matter depends up on your personal choice. I am very impress by the performance of phone.
All good as of now but worry abt its network signal reception capacity is weak compare to Moto E by trying same sim in both..Moto E receives strong signal with no signal or network dropout...except this All is well.
Best Android phone till now in this price. Excellent camera 5 MP Fast processing with 1 GB RAM Nice Size not too big. Best Android phone in my view and I will suggest to go for it in this budget.
I purchased this phone fir my mom the same day it was available on amazon. It worked well for 20 days and suddenly one day I couldn't hear any voice from the phone while on the call. I cld only hear the person's voice if i put the phone on loud speaker while on call. I contacted amazon for a return request and was tld that the product doesn't qualify for return (which i was surprised to hear coz i thought it is well within the limit of 1 month)and guided me to super awesome micromax service centres. Now if i start writing about the apathy i faced over there, the word limits for this textbox wld exceed. And even after 1 month since tat my phone s resting in peace in service centre. So in short micromax u seriously need to work towards the betterment of ur products n the quality u provide at ur so called customer care centre..
Using it for around 2 months now and I can say I am satisfied with the phone based on its price range. Now the details - Amazon - Awesome!!!! I ordered the phone at night around 1 am and morning 10 am it's there. Phone - Good at this price range. Pros- Good performance. Till now I have not faced any lag. Multi app browsing is good. Smooth touch. Camera is not very bad. you can't expect a digital camera at this price range. All the updated for next 2 years....assuming the phone will work for that long though :) Cons- Not sure if it's the phone issue, but I am not able to use vodafone 3g. It connects to airtel 3g though. Gets heated up if you use for long time. I definitely faced it while using navigation. Overall, it's a decent buy at its price.
Great phone. It has everything to fulfill the requirement of a common person. One need not to buy expensive handset of 19000. It has a good ram, battery backup is good. Speed is impressive. Overall a good buy.
Not much to say about Android 1 and Canvas. Only 1 issue I faced, It was inconsistent about downloading apps from app store. Will update this review after more use. Delivery was quick and Good. No issues.
That's an excellent phone at this price. But plz don't expect a Nexus at this price. You will love it Pros- Performance, Front camera, UI, Touch quality, High end games Cons- Camera OK OK, Sound not good
The performance of the phone is beyond my expectation. It feels in my hand as like as Moto G. But the build quality could have been better. No lagging issues in the phone since 1 month of my usage. Value for money.
Poor functionality. Don't go for Micromax. Faced touch screen failure within 20days of usage and due to negligence service, noticed proximity sensor failure. Again returned back for service. Completely unsatisfied.
I cant tranfer/receive my files through bluetooth...i have tried out so many times.but when we turn on bluetooth the devices are visible but we can't connect it through this.other than that productt wa nice & good
Looks like over 10K phone...Good Quality sleek design, bright sceen, descent battery backup(full day), no lagging at all (Plays Asphalt 8 and other HD Games very smoothly).... Thanks to Google for such initiative..
Pros: 1) It runs very smoothly, no lag at all. 2) Will have latest Android OS. 3) Less pre-installed apps. 4) 2MP front Camera in 6.5k, its great. Cons: 1) Till now I haven't find any.
it a good mobile to get. good performance. Camera is good. touch is very smooth. Battery i can say is not up to the mark, takes very long time in charging(3hrs) to get fully charged.
Superb Product !!!! I am so happy after using the phone for 10 days.. At this cost this may be the best phone in the market...Nice Photo quality...generally of 1.2 mb to 2 mb...Also the other feature r excellent...
Android One is a good budget phone. *Pros: Android Live Software updates, IPS LCD Screen, Brightness, Back panel grip. *Cons: Android updates are not too quick, as this mobile may get bit early than HTC desire 816 which costs 24k, if we see in this angle overall it's ok than any other mid rangemobiles. Sound quality is not too good. Camera is below average. Overall Review: It's obvious to expect every feature to be high n good in every phone, that's common thinking in us when we buy a mobile. But come down and think once, if u expect ultra clear image quality the go for SONY or IPhone which costs 45k+ you'll get everything best. Spending 10k for a mobile and expecting all extraordinary features is not good. But under 10k you'll get few things better in this micromax canvas but not all.
Really gr8 phone. The processer is real good and the looks r outstanding . the processer even helps in playing games now better . If we get to the common things its WiFi range is nice . I recommend this phone
iam using this mobile for the past 45 days, it works excellent. but for the past two days it takes lot for MB for downloads. but i have not used so much for internet. what will be the reason . Any one can help me?
Nice phone...awesome experience... At entry price of a good smartphone....using since last 5 months without single disturbance....camera a bit low at low light as its obvious at this pricing....otherwise all OK...
One 1 SIM works at a time. Most of the time the sim will show no network. Kindly resolve this issue as soon as possible. The battery power is also too low as it works for only a day. Rest of the features are good.
Good one. But even though I have made the online payment through State Bank Debit Card, I have not so far received the amount of 10% cash back offered to me at the time purchase as stated. This is to be processed.
Seems to be a good handset. Good camera.. Yet to check the battery life.. But a good value for money. About delivery it was delayed, may be due to diwali load but Amezon immediately refunded delivery charges.
Superior quality phone.with great features and great performance from google once again.It worth every penny.Speaker sound is great and camera quality is amazing.Little poor battery.This phone looks great.No lags.
The performance of machine is acceptable for normal use. THE WORKING LIFE OF BATTERY IS POOR. IT IS MUCH BELOW REQUIREMENT. Either self discharge is high or the hard ware requires more energy. Anand
Phone is really good in its price range with KitKat 4.4.4. The battery lasts a little less compared to other devices in its price range. I have still not received the gift vouchers as promised by amazon.
Nice cheap phone for your everyday use. Very clean and crisp display. Take care to use microsims sourced from your provider and not cut by some roadside shop. It may not work. I haven't tried the 2nd sim slot yet.
It cannot accept apk files by Bluetooth but you can take them by WiFi hotspot sharing apps like 'share it, flash transfer, superbeam etc. It is best for those who want smartphone with all facilities in this price.
Except camera (photos without red eye correction), all features and specifications are exceptional. A great package with minimum budget, what generally people look for ..this is for you guys. Micromax at its best.
Its a fabulous mobile and update to lollipop i m so haapy
Really Smooth and totally Awesome...!!!No lag at all...!!
Good but not supported regional languages as like gujrati
I have Purchased this phone 6 months ago! i am surprised to see that Some people are posting worst comments,for this VALUE FOR MONEY product!! ...Anyways, In my view it's a Decent device in the performance as we concern in the price tag,conforming with generally accepted standards . Morover the front camera is just superb for takiing selfies ;) . ##Although it do nt have gallery option since this device is tie up with google for two years. As GOOGLE have created a family for making available best quality phone@ low price & Google have also signed MOU with companies to provide updates for 2 Years. ##1.3 GHz Quadcore + 1 GB Ram is OK. HD games supported & good performance. Not hanged till time. And YO!! Thumbs Up for Amazon Serivice too (Y) :)
Mobile was a defective one with Wifi & Internet getting automatically switched off after 2 minutes of usage.Since last 5 days it has been sent to Micromax for repairs.Hardly was able to use the new mobile after purchase.
i found problem in my phone. when i call your customer care and saying please visit in micromax service centre.. My Problem is that. Not showing My File folder in my phone that's way i'm not open any my files.
i think this phone is a bunch of facilities ....very good feathers specially camera quality... except low battery power (only 1700 mAH) this mobile is very nice .most imp. is, it is perfect model for net users...
It is a solid build product and provides with every feature you need at a reasonable price it has a great quality performance is also good it will not disappoint you its worth every rupee
I am happy with my android phone but for its battery The volume of the ringtone can be little high to make seniors,' life easy. It should be more audible. The features are excellent and easy to operate.
Nice phone at this price. I had been searching for a smartphone within the range of 7k for the past three months. Atlast I find this one. Its worthy for this price. Thanks Micromax and Amazon for speedy delivery.
Awesome Mobile with great features awesome display and performance. I had played almoast all high end game in this device and it works with out any lack...... but when it comes to battery its not upto that level.
The speakers are not working....in the beginning but when I bacged it at my hand twice or thrice.....the speaker worked.... Thank You Micromax This was d first n last tym I've purchased a micromax product...
mobile is good in this price, battery back-up not so good, front camera not in expectation level, sound quality not very good. overall mobile is ok in this range. those having low budget they can go for this one.
This handset is awesome camera is very good in day light, in night not that good Touch smooth and responsive and software department is excellent awesome buy in 6.5 k........ Love you Android One <3
A superb phoen in this range. I gifted this phone to my dad. As he is using android phone first time i was not sure he will be able to use it. But it was very handy with the all features of high rnage smartphone.
It is very very good phone. It is very fast. I like it. But someone tell me how to use its internal memory? Because i tried to copy into its internal memory by es file explorer but it didn't copying. Plz help me.
First of all I'd like to tell you all that this phone is the best under 7k.. It doesn't lag whatsoever. It plays HD games like asphalt 8, Dead trigger 2, etc without a glitch. Pros: Latest all the time. No lag at all. It is capable of playing HD games and even full HD movies without any lag. Good built quality. Feels very good in the hand. Great ram management unlike the redmi 1s. I get about 400 - 500mb free all the time because I kill all my apps when not in use. Good front camera. It can take good selfies under light. Cons : Poor battery management. It requires at least 2 charges a day. Poor front camera. It could have been better but I don't need it much so not an issue. Poor screen resolution. Conclusion : It is a great phone under 7k. If you have a small budget, then go for it...
I have purchased Micromax Android One on Nov 3rd, Now from 15 days i'm seriously finding HEATING issues.. if i play games for jst 2 mins thn also my cel gets heated.. Is there any solution?? i need replacement..
Certainly phone is very good except Battery. Battery is acceptable, however it would be batter if with more capacity. viewing and closing list of running application is difficult. ( I may not be expert on that )
I had booked a micromax canvas a1 cover which was delivered to me but was damaged it is not fitting the cell phone it was bent and owing to which not holding the cell phone firmly. Otherwise the service was good
i am trying to return this because of memory card slot is not working . they are just making fool that tomorrow we will pick ,but still didn't as we are listening this line since last sunday. totally unsatisfied
Great to have Android One A1. Fully satisfied with the functionality available. For those who are moderate mobile/internet users must go for such kind of device. In short Better returns against the investments.
Hi guys I bought this mobile yesterday. This mobile is pretty good. But I have one problem with this phone. My 1st sim slot is not receiving the signal properly. Can any one tell me a solution for this problem..
I like this phone very much, but the main cons are battery and camera. Camera is good in outdoors but a little dull in indoors. Overall I would say, this phone is a brother of power pack smarthones.small brother
Very nice Phone as compared to other expensive Competitors.... It Provide's all best features @ rock bottom price like Latest Android (Kitkat), 8 MP(Main) & 2 MP (Front), etc... Guys go for it.........
Pls dont sell Micromax android one phone in your esteemed portal. Am facing lots of problem buying purchasing this product. Am living without android for past 6 days. Dont know when my problem will be solved :(
This is a terrible handset. Does not install any apps from Play Store.We tried factory reset but ws of no use. We had to send the 3days old handset to service center.Don't know how is the Micromax service.
I really love d phone...the features r just amazing and ds phone meets all my requirements..i would like to thank amazon to bring up ds quality product at an amazing price which is much less dn d market price..
this phone is more than I had expected. Excellent specs at this price point. Also. it has got 'aashirwad' of Google Baba. Just pissed off on Fedex which took 15 days to deliver after the pickup date.
Amazing phone at this price. If you want to buy samsung with the same features you have to spend atleast 12 to 13 thousand. All things about this give are amazing. 10 out of 10 for this fone. Luv u Android one.
Ok product, but i received a faulty one as when i press the stand by button, a Line appears in the center of the screen...some prb in screen blinks..returned n got money back, thk god i purchased it from amazon
I'm giving here a clear review. It supports all network sim cards. It supports only the micro SD card comes with phone. It will not support other micro SD card. This is sad. Display is below average. Poor PPI. Camera is OK. Battery needs 2times charge a day for normal usage. Stock gallery and file manager not available. Slippery panel will slip from hand anytime. Sound quality OK. Mobile gets heat in normal usage. Touch and processor is liquid fast. No hangs no lags. It has a notification led. Only advantage is 2 years android update guaranteed. Apart from that there is nothing in this phone. This phone can be rated only around 5000. Not worth. Think twice before buying. Hope spice and karbonn android will also have the same story. Finally Amazon fulfilled delivery is waste. Delivered after 5 days only
3g tower nt get fully and this phone not suitable for 3g
Great mobile in lower price its have everything you want
Hey I am using this mobile its really good .. Love this.
phone good bt accessories it's 3rd class local quality..
This phone is soo nice to have at this price range. Phone is sooper smooth nd gives lag free experience. But there is a small prob with its wifi. Its not showing active wifi connections sometimes.. But its gud
i purchased one recently. Its internal microphone was not working. ie i was not able to hear the other person voice..But its loud speak was working.. At the very instant i returned it.. s.. got the money back
IT IS GOOD MOBILE BUT ITS PRICE IS HIGHER IN COMPARISON TO KARBON MOBILES. KARBON IS SELLING 5 INCH MOBILE AT Rs. 5000/- ,WHICH HAS ALMOST SIMILAR FEATURES. THIS FEED BACK SHOULD BE GIVEN TO MICROMAX PLEASE.
Its a nice phone from micromax.I got it in 2 days.Thanks to AMAZON. Looks are good,camera is nice compared to other 5 megapixel from other brands. with 1gb RAM its working really good. SATISFIED
i got this product and its awsme . only negative point is its battery life ,it last only a day wth moderate use.. overall product is great run butersmoth like my lg nexus.. if u r moderate user thn go for it .
At the outset I would say in budget range its a good handset. pros good looks google support camera is good cons no gallery not able to click photos without memory card
Nice Phone, Did lots of analysis on phones than i went for this. I was going for redmi on 14th & it got launched on 15. I feel it better than Redmi, Motorola & Samsung. We also have the trust of Micormax & Google.
Great phone,it's supported all apps .But on this cell phone there is a bug in a Face Recognize app. Anyone can open the face recognize Lock using my photograph or One who have similar face. I challenged it .
Micromax canvas A1 with android one wonderful handset or we can say that value for money thanks to micromax guys am happy after purchasing this mobile and u will be happy also am sure if u will purchase this
The phone was deliverd on time.its a awesome some with all features and i will call it future phone .am happy google Lolipop will be upgraded to this phone. And all future updates for next 2years from google.
FULL PAISA VASUL MOBILE! Must buy phone by everyone to experience REAL ANDROID PERFORMANCE! No hang, no lag, mobile running smothly! Mobile performance is 100% faster and as promised by Google.
Look: Black color and the finishing of Phone doesn't looks good. Quality : Thumbs up for quality. The overall performance and other aspects of this phone are excellent.. Not much lag is observed..
Its hardware is okay and smooth but in 15 days i faced problem on my Earpiece speaker which was not working and then Micromax service guys repaired it, quality of product is not good very cheap material used.
Really Amazing! The Mini-Nexus Experience Watch my unboxing video : http://youtu.be/KRqpXmmctkk Camera Review & Samples : http://youtu.be/qFz5aavNreQ Gaming Review : http://youtu.be/j_jTn1AMXhI
Excellent phone with great display and performance. Best phone in below 7k range. Best gaming experience compared to moto e and redmi 1s. No lagging. Touch is very smooth. Switching between Apps is very fast.
mobile is looking great but there is many problem 1)internet not work properly.internet network lost again and again when uses. 2)playstore not work.u cant download app from play store in some android one device. 3)mobile is heated and battery is drain fastly. 4)battery is very poor. 5)cant attend call in crowdy place. 6)file manager is not in mobile this is vry irritating. 7)memory card slot is look like oldest china phone. 8)back cover of mobile is weak take care when u open to any reason. camera is gud and mobile is awesome u love this mobile when u look this mobile out of box in your hand. led light is awesome and mobile build is beautiful. main problem is called voice very low. you buy this mobile for instant update then don't buy because google not provided update for android one phone .the update provide for this mobile is mobile manufacturing mmx ,karbon and,spice. and all people know their worst service.this company provide update to late when they want to provide. don't go android one because is cheated many android one buyer.
Not happy with battery. Have been using it for last 5-6 months. But now battery has swollen and phone quickly drains out and needs frequent charging. Will not recommend this phone because of only this issue.
Using phone from last 4 month. Good performance. Picture quality is good. No hangup issue. Battery performance is ok. Worth for money. Just one query that when we are will get update for lollipop.
The Phone is Good . Bought It Hoping I Would get The Latest Android Upgrades.. But The Google Did Not Keep Their Word.. :-( About The Product.. No Problem At All Delivery-As Usual OSM!! <3
Pros Display, looks premium, no heating and lag issues Cons Camera is not as good as Samsung/ Sony, less settings for camera, no inbuilt softwares: u have to download all from play store
Micromax Canvas A1 is a value for money phone. You can't ask for anything else in this price. The phone arrived in a very good condition and on time as promised by Micromax. Definitely worth a buy
Product worth for its money. The performance is great. Camera picture quality is descent for the amount of money. This product is the best, with mobiles among the price range less than 10,000.
Good one from Google and Micromax Everything going good. No backlogs. No hanging problem. No heating issue. But if the battery would have been around 2000mah,then it is the best one. Got Lollipop 5.1. Latest lollipop makes the phone even better with enhanced battery performance. Using this phone for the last six months.
its a good budget Mobil. Only one problem i faced is 3G, 3G u ll get only in Airtel connection, i checked with vodafone and idea, android one is not updated in there server so u ll not get the GPRS settings.
It good....but camera manufactured something wrong in my cell there is mistake in product i have received.... A1 look grate I LOVE this product....i will also give actual best review after using.....A1.
This is a cool smartphone, with all the features one needs; very intuitive and simple touch commands/options. My friends who are using fancy Rs 30,000 phones, saw this A1 and have ordered one for themselves!
The camera has a problem when we click the photo it doesnt show in the phone. We have to switch it of and then switch on and see the photo.Sometimes when we open camera to click photo it says not responding.
Its a great phone considering the price. I ordered it the day it was released after failing to buy MI3 and Red MI 1s. Pros 1. It offers you great android experience and of course you can keep it updated with the latest versions of Android. 2. The resolution even though much less than MI3 doesn't feel so. its crisp and looks HD 3. The processor doesn't seem to lag even while playing heavy games. 4. has a classy look copied from Nexus much better than any other budget phone. Cons 1. has 4gb internal memory and that too is reserved for apps which means you can't keep a single file there 2. has no otg support 3. doesn't come with the default gallery app or the file manager app. you have to use Google photos app and that's a headache.
the free 100mb & 200 mb data from airtel is not working
In Proper invoice and faulty/malfunctioning devise set.
you can by the product with out any doubts.iam lovin it
Product was brand new but found as defective while using. The same was returned and full money was refunded by Amazon. Its really great. Thanks once again to Amazon. Amazon should get ***** (5 star) rating.
Good product.. I am using this phone around 3 months and not find any problem i.e. hanging etc afterwards many of my friends and relatives order the same phone with such good specification..
first of all, thank you guys for the phone... Delivered on time... the phone is awesome, performance is great, battery is also good, overall i didnt felt that i m using a 6k phone.. Awesome phone. Loved it.
this product was totally as per our expectations, More amazing was its processor and great touch sensibility. 1 GB RAM makes it one of the great smartphones nowdays available. worth to buy it. Thanks Amazon
Very good phone in this price and prompt delivery by Amazon. I was surprise to see the screen size and speed of this phone. Hope the built quality from Micromax will be good enough according to Google name.
Great value for money phone. Very happy with it. On top of it Amazon's very satisfying service. A greatly satisfying phone with a greatly satisfying service from Amazon makes me give 1000000000000000 stars.
I bought this phone 2 weeks ago. Everything is working perfect but the only thing is that, it is getting ditched switched off automatically don't know for what reasons. Can someone tell me what should I do?
Multimedia sound is very low. Wi-Fi connectivity is defective. I could connect Wi-Fi only twice in about one month. Could not find a way to return the set or to get it changed with a new one.
I expected the set to have a call barring facility as I have in my other Android phone. This has not been possible. This functionality is very important for the female relative of mine whom I gifted the set
Delay from Amazon, but delivered in perfect package. 8Gb memory card and screen protector included in box. Good build quality. All together a very decent smart phone. No complains till now...
this is phone which nothing like anything... great feel and look & smooth & it can play full hd video with any SW encoding ... Asphalt 8 on high graphics & MC5 With high graphics.. worth each penny....
This is a good phone in this range. Camera quality is good. The speed of processor is also fine and battery capacity is enough for 1 whole day. Overall this is a very good phone in range below Rs. 6,000/-.
i like it.. but i saw some differences with the model i got and my friend did. we got the same phone in a weeks gap. also i wish the battery was better. but it an amazing phone. economic and reliable.
Marvellous phone except battery backup is not so great. The phone works super fast. Excellent for me whose first priority is that phone should work fast. Never lags doesn't matter how many apps are opened.
On my order, Amazon is very prompt in sending the item. The item is very good. Compared to the various features available in the cell, the price is very reasoble. I am very much satisfied with the item.
It is comfertable phone for me with as a good performance.every thing rocking in this phone.But it have one Week point it isn't have a protected screen such as any protecble glass. But I like it(Android )
In one word, it is working superb since I purchased it 10 days ago. No problem. The screen colour, contrast and display are very fine and clarity is very good compared with other models of micromax itself.
This mobile canvas a1 is a one with all good things .other mobile sellers must be thinking of reducing their price to match this mobile .Even if you try to find faults in it there are non.Its superb mobile
Nice phone for the price. Value for money. Camera quality is a bit lower side. And there is no issue with play-store as many peoples asking in different forums. First time play-store takes time. Go for it.
Nice phone. Most importantly grouping of apps or icons into one folder is missing . This feature would be great to have. Otherwise a good phone, especially for people who are beginners to smartphone world.
please do not buy, useless phone its not working from day one. I have visited there service centre as well they have denied to accept the defective handset for repairs. Please do not buy........
one of d bst fones in dis range works superbly smooth no lag at all bt internal storage a bit prob still its a 6k gone so aint expecting much bt overall a great fone in dis price range
Slim,Light in weight,Very friendly set,easy to access. In comparison I find better then other Android phones. Comfort fit in pocket. Battery Life is less,require recharging after two hours.
Best android I had buyed in did price.... I also have Samsung note1 and 2 both but A1 is better than these in performance like touch screen works better n it doesn't hang, etc. Many more like that...
it is a nice phone for this price point. sufficient battery will last for a day on minimal use.front camera results are grainy. could have been better. overall a good device to start with android platform
I got one of the best product but i have not received its cash back amount and other gift vouchers related to it. From product side i can give it 5star but from Amazon side it is 3star so average is 4star
The phone interface is quite neat, of course with no interference from micromax. Order the phone at your convenience without expecting any coupons or cash back. The 'up to 2000 rs coupons' thing is hokum.
The product is just Amazing...... It gives a tough fight to 1s...and unite 2 and even moto g..... Its best in its price segment...... Its better than spice and karbonn ones....... Canvas A1 rocks ......!!
everything is okay about an android one except its battery backup , we should buy a power bank along with it , lol for a moderate use of 3G it wont last a few hours, everything else is perfect
Amazing phone people. You are getting a lot for Rs.6000. This thing has 2 years of guaranteed upgrade. Specs wise (Cam, speaker) better than Moto E 2015, Software wise, beats the crap outta Lenovo A6000.
good phone as per its price concerned. but its really bad experiance when it starts getting hang on 2nd weak onwards. more over its WiFi connectivity is so poor that the value of smart phone becomes nil.
Micromax Canvas A1 mobile is satisfying my all needs of a Smart Phone. It has been supplied by the Supplier within 2 days of the order. I am really impressed ! Cost wise also, it is very much economical.
Phone is worth to buy .its good to be buy But the commitment by amazon not fulfilled .like coupen worth rupees 2000 not provided as committed on their site .and result of 1 October draw not declared
It is supposed tb 3g but unfortunately my set didn't work. Their service engineers failed to fix. But other aspects are good. Check immediately your 3g performance . if not you will be in soup.
Amazing phone with this price... bty backup is more than expectation. 2 days of use, there is no lag. music lovers dont go for this. Headphone is not up to level, stunning look make everyone attractive..
Really awesome product. These all credit goes to Micromax and Google. Out of 3 Android one phones this is the best. Since i have inquired for accessories in market except micromax I didn't get any other.
Awesome Phone for the first time Android users !! I am moving from normal phone to android by this,, I loved it a lot. Installed lot many apps, no lag ,,,,, awesome phone !!!
Really worth buying it have some minus points but it works too smart and look very nice .. Amazon pls arrange to case cover for this ..... Congrats to micromaxx and thank u for this good one ......
good value for money. wish the camera could be better.
It is doing well so for but 3G connection is required.
All's good BUT" doesn't support loop sim card"
Battery Life is bad ....... Micromax failed to satisfy customer by neglecting this vital part of mobile..... I personally will not prefer this device just for Battery life......Disappointed.............
The phn is awsm....within this price level.......but the battery backup& camera quality is not up to the mark...........though the resolution is 480 × 854 pxls........it seems to be like HD...:-D.......
Delivery delayed by 2 days than expected in AMAZON(disappointing).... Mobile is best for its price. Camera quality could be better. Gorilla glass3 would have made the product more delightful.
very good smart phone at this price. resolution quality is not as good as high end phones, but it is worth the price. best smart phone at this budget.. experience with Amazon has been awesome
Great product by micromax Best in class phone Google's Android one makes it a must buy I have been using it from past 1month and there is not a single problem . Great phone ,must buy
I gifted this to my daughter and she is happy and satisfied. The mobile responds quite fast but the battery exhausts by evening and litter sharper display would have added more fun to games. Thank you.
The form factor is great,delivery was fast,much before than expected date,but cutting 2 stars just for the battery backup offered by this phone,its not much its just adequate for 8-12 hours of usage....
A good product. the bluetooth drivers for both Vista and Win-7 missing. big disappointment not able to connect. Further the Usb Connector is too tight. already caused damage to one port on my lap top.

Nice product at this price. It has all the features to match any top end mobile. It even got miracast. Battery is good. Only hindrance is still not in receipt of lollipop update as promised by Android.
perfect mobile at this price. smooth performance. camera is ok. will feel a slight lag if you install more number of apps. But till now have not received the gift vouchers that is promised by amazon :(
Less weight. Good speed. Impressive design, Average battery back up. Satisfied with this price. But no inbult provision for file manager, gallery, direct shortcut for setting ringtone ( app available).
Call quality for incoming and outgoing is bad lots of other features missing we were expecting better quality in the build. Sad to say it could have been a lot better .doesn't live up to expectations.
Superb delivery amazon only in 24 hours A1 is in my hand thanxx amazon for fast delivery phone looks good but the camera is not good as I thought overall phone is great but not more than my redmi 1s :)
A great exprience with android one.. Fast in multi tasking.. Comparatively better touch than other mob on same rate.. Second of none.. If ur budget is under 10000 .. Close ur eyes and purchase this one
Superb phone in extreme lowest price... Built quality truly awesome...design even UI and Touch superbbbb.... Hardware quality best best best in 6k phone.. In directly its Google phone... Worth as value
1. not able to receive any .apk file from bluetooth in canvas a1 2. restrt optn is not der 3. without memory card ,camera is useless it is compulsry to insert memry card to tak photos
I got my micromax Canvas A1 on 20 September 2014. it was working very well till 20th December 2013. On that day it was suddenly got switched off and not getting on. I went to service center at Bangalore and i had waited 4 hrs to get my turn to submit the mobile at counter. They asked me to wait for 30 min. after 30 min they given a job card and asked me to call after two days. when i call back after two days first they said board problem on my phone and they send it to delhi for repair. it will take 10 days to get my phone. Again i called them today they are saying it will take 20 days to get my phone. Their tollfree number given in their website is not working. Let me see how many days it will take to get my phone back.
Its a great phone considering the price.Camera is good,performance is also good.it doesn't lag much.sound quality-AVERAGE. Its only drawback is its battery backup.Otherwise it is a great product.
Bought this phone after seeing reviews.. It was a good bet unless I noticed the poor battery. It drains very quickly. Micromax need to work on this. Otherwise at this price range, its excellent phone.
Never expected the phone resolution so bad and lag issue with so few applications installed on phone, never expected it to perform as a 10k+ phone but still disappointing, will return in a day or two.
I got a this mobile 1 month back.its working good and design is good. I have an issue right now USB is not recognized in this device. I found this too late. Now I should go to micromax service center.
I used micromax canvas A1 It have some problem first whenever i touched continue two times screen is zoom and hang, second i want search contacts during call touch keypad not working. so i gave 3 star
best mobile phone in reasonable prize.and very imp support all format.upgradable android LOLYPOP Ver.extn by 2 year.i loveable this phone.i suggested to all customer please carry on this mobile phone.
super phone.. dont worry about the name micromax.. brilliant build up.. in budget.. superior quality front camera... good graphics.. and never lags while gaming.. loved this phone.. battery also ok...
its most probably a very good phone and it is blazing fast but with my device i have a problem that it is not connecting with pc via usb cable :( !!!! leaving that its an awesome stock android phone!
Nice budget phone from micromax and android. Smooth interface with minimum lag. Plus Google guarantees updates for two years Overall a nice phone to have if you are looking for a budget android phone.
Worth the money spent.Works smoothly with the speed expected. Camera is good with the flash enabling to take pictures at dark places also. Prompt delivery by Amazon. Fully satisfied with the purchase.
Awsm phone..... Everything is perfect..... Waiting for update of android l... I hv ordered this phone on 20 th sept. and i received it at 25th sept.. But when will i get its warranty paper.
Micromax canvas a1 android one is a great buy at this price,cause it haslatest android with guarantee upgradation from google,picture qua lity ,sound and camera are good.So,I will say go for it .
Price is very good as per configurations, i'm getting little heating problem while i play games.... Disappointed with Shipment, it was my first purchase from amazon.in . first experience was not good.
Love the phone, only -ve is the lack of gorilla glass
The best choice I've made! I'm making good use of the OK Google voice search function. Decent hardware. Fast enough. N the touch screen is awesome! No lag/delay yet. I've been using it since 8 months
Received it next day. Awesome product. But too many factory apps which cannot be removed, but only disabled. Till now not rooted. It was a gift for mom. Lolipop is complicated but sweet :D
Its best phone with great features. After using it for 6 month I can say that it worked really well. Pros : Camera is decent Display is awesome Cons Sound is little low.
Mobile is good but battery as per your statement not good ,it is worse . you say standby time 160 hrs. it is even not work 24 hrs. , now it is not full charge. I am purchased in November month.
Nice phone.. Easy to use...no hanging... But d problem with d offers given with this...airtel offer not worked in this phone.. I lost my money while downloaded... Its really fake offer from airtel...
Phone is good but actually a problem occurred that I don't know how to update android new version ....and one more problem is camera is on even when screen is off...if u know the function plz tell me
great cell phone,, good speed ,, 4.4 is amazing,, light weight,, handy,, all good , nothing to ask more for this price,,,i like it most it is fulish to buy costly cell for just brand sake,,,,
At this price tag this is a very good phone. touch speed is fantastic. google map is very fast. overall this will boost the image of Micromax. hats off to micromax for this device at such low prices.
:-) smooth as butter,and its sound great when someone is saying such a nice phone you have and its very thin. :-) :-( 2000 mAh battery is appropriate for this phone.1700 is just okay. :-(
Except the battery, the phone have all what it need to be. Take camera, view, functionality, speed or any other point of view.... Battery drains using 3G too early (I use MTNL, the poor network)
Firstly want to thanks Amazon for the amazing delivery. Amazing price amazing phone. All I could say I m impressed with phone. At this price trust me u won't get better one than this
Finally i got my micromax canvas a1 today after a long duration of 6days. There is some issue in delievering option. So i am not satisfied with the service of amazon. Talking about phone; its quite good. Nice features, good sound quality and looks are amazing. Camera works smoothly. It comes with screen protector and memory card. There is some problem in the battery. It Doesn't work properly. There is no option of gallery. Besides that it is a good phone with superb quality. But i didn't get my gift vouchers as they promised. So little bit disappointed. Otherwise there is no issue. Guys you must try this phone once. It is a good android phone.
Worth for price. Bst phone in its range. Micromax has fulfilled all the requirements of mine. I bot this phone for my bro. Luk, camera, features are upto d mark. Its bstttt. Thats why i hd given 5*.
Excellent considering the price range and first time android users must have phone but battery is something which needs improvement hope lollipop update could fix that with good software upgrade!!
its nice and good features smart phone in affordable price. and its camera very nice and picture quality good front camera are also nice. the touch was good. so in this price good smart phone.
Over all good for money Camera quality not good .alsocomposing SMS there is no enter key to go to next line. FM channels and music track not getting changedcwith volume key or earphone switch.
Worth full mobile. Full featured latest economic mobile... its awesome. there is only one small problem that there are no inbuilt required applications like file manager, gallery and music player.
I dont know if SD card is accessible in the phone or i am not able to find it in the phone. rest is ok average in this price and even did not got any amazon coupons and offers tagged with this phone
Go for it guys. But i am facing one problem. I am connected to 3G netwrok although symbol is not coming. Its blank like no internet connection. But i am getting internet. Does anybody have solution?
Very good phone at the price range. Better than other phones in this range. Very fast performance The only cons are., 1.Display is very reflective. 2.Averege battery life.camera
I loooooove this phone! It's got a smooth and fast interface, no matter how many apps are running. It doesn't hang at all! Internet connection is great. I love the "gesture typing" feature.
Deeply disappointed. Bluetooth wasn't working at first. Later right after first usage the phone crashed and went into a bootloop after being tried to start again. Worst mobile experience till date.
This is a awesome product at 6.5k.Ithas a superb look and works fine without hanging. The only drawback is its battery back which I can say is poor. Over all a smart buy for a smart price below 7k.
"awesome product. have been using it for over a month now. just love it. volume could have been a bit better and the same goes true for battery. Nevertheless, a fantastic phone. very happy"
Best mobile at this price ..Hav problem with wifi connectivity and cannot receive apps from other devices through bluetooth..camera is good better than moto e ..but amazon was very late in delivery
superb cute and stylish..good camera..super clarity front cam....new approaches compared to other mobile selection &using features...battery stays for almost one day+1or2hours till it comes to 20%
Excellent phone. MICROMAX ....u will surely add brand value to your company with your association with android one. Simply love the phone and a complete VFM......dont even think twice b4 buying it.
Even service center peoples are not comfortable with the device. says, its nothing new in this set. they suggested to return it back to company as many complains normally occurs on online purchase.
All three brands from Android One I think Micromax is the best. But No gallery option in this mobile thats why I am disappointed. On this price very useful smartphone. Camera quality is very good.
Phone is good. But file manager was not in it.later I had to install it from play store.one more information that Airtel don't provide any internet pack for 6 months as described in amazon website.
. Good speakers , display and light weight . Perfect for normal use and occasional gaming . Average battery backup . At this price , with guaranteed google update , this phone is a good buy .!
No Complains as such. Very fast and smooth phone. The camera is average for a 5 mp cam. Does fine in good light. Little noisy is night. Cant get more in that price range.
They not giving android updates for android lollipop
Poor battery life those who want to purchase look it
JUST THREE WORDS..... BANG FOR BUCK...... GO FOR IT.
nice phone. but flip covers not available in market.
Product is Very good but bundled apps which are not removable eat precious phone memory. The user available phone memory is very low (2.0 GB max) when unboxed brand new phone. The SD card memory which is expandable up to 32 GB is of no use because apps are always installed in phone memory and always running in background consuming RAM memory. This limits use of phone. Even for beginner, this memory (2 GB) is very low and there must be provision to uninstall apps which are not required without rooting phone. This policy can be attributed to deliberate attempt to make good phone bad. I have given 4 star for hardware and 1 star for policy adopted by manufacturer to bundled apps to kill precious memory.
I love the photo quality and video quality of this phone . Every thing is very good except the battery . I will give 80 out off hundred ( 80 - 10 (for battery)+5 ( for lolipop)+5(camera quality) )
Classic Services... Delivered Before Last Day Of Estimated delivery.... Prices Low As Compared to Retail Stores of the City... Amazing Gifts with every Shopping... 5 Stars Are Real Worth For it...
some of the options are not available. downloaded items are going directly to SD card. Volume control like base boost & surround is available only when headset inserted. other then this set is ok.
I Purchased this phone one week ago. This phone is awesome according to its price, So we say that it is value for money product. But I Insist to micromax that they will work on its battery backup.
super phone good cam quality front and back both smooth touch screen no lag found after a week usage can play heavy games like deadtriger 2 on medium ashpalt 8 on high graphics
I liked the product. I am enjoying it. The camera is good. The look is attractive. I can recommend this to everyone who is looking for a budget phone . it is loaded with all the required features.
Good ..camera & flash & led notification ...et all. Poor..battery goes away in hours time...i am not in games........ And. volume of the person in call fluctuates without any logical reason.
I am finding it difficult to connect to the wifi at my home. All other phones get connected in a few seconds. This phone could be connected only once after a few hours. Am I missing out something?
Bought the phone for parents for basic use - have not found any major issues. Ringer volume is a bit low - more so as the speaker is at the bottom of the phone and the phone is lying with face up.
Nice product. With. Android one. This is the best one in android one compared to. Other two. Manufacturers... It's just. Dominated my expectations. ....fully....satisfied with this. Device..
I just bought it today n its amazingly fast n smooth, installed more then 20 apps n I have played games like fruit ninja more then 30 times n I m very impressed .. so ma advice :- go fo it guyzzzz
First of all i would like to thank AMAZON for delivering the product at my door safely. The oder was on time thanks to the amazon service. Now talking about the phone: Amazing Phone with stock android. Whatever you throw at it it handles it smoothly. No compromise for performance, call quality is also great, decent camera but Flash light is not that great. Overall satisfaction at the price point. But, the battery life is not that great, you have to charge at night. And the quality of the stock headphone are not good, I would recommend to buy a good headphone if you are a music lover (Please check the headphone you are buying support it or not) Just waiting for the Android 5.0(Lollipop)
Absolutely fine. No heating problem, Back and front camera have decent performance, provision for moving applications to SD card, visibility better in sunlight. Serves the purpose very well.
I am already having galaxy grand for the past one n half year, I was looking for a change now and was going through all the new models and launches these days. Moto G was my favourite however I told myself to wait for September 15 for android one. Its out now and better deal than Moto G. The only couple of difference is camera and screen resolution. This one is a steal and for a normal person like me who just need a good phone it should a good one I wish. I ordered it this eve and waiting for tomorrow. Will write in detail later..... Go for Indian brand guys. You are not cheap. .. c u later
Phone features are really good but yes this has a battery problem battery won't last for 12 hr if you are regularly accessing web services overall good product just because of features
Micromax Canvas A1 was a bad experience, but I am grateful to Amazon customercare who helped me to return it.The 1+1 is a good mob, I am very happy with its performance,though , it is too costly.
Disappointed.after updating phone getting slower. Hanging regularly. Applications crashing. Touch is not working properly. Camera taking too much time to take a picture. Over all bad performance.
Overall a good mobile but lacks high graphics on games like Modern Combat 5 . Also no OTG support which is very bad . But good specs at this low price and 2 years guaranteed update which is good
Wish camera was more effective.. but the mobile and accessories for the price is a fantastic buy.. Hope that the quality of product of Micromax lasts... there are contrary views among the users..
Very Good Product at this price tag. Awesome speed, camera and design as well. Other benefits are first phones to get next android updates. Go on and Purchase. Don't miss it.
1GB RAM, 1.3 GHz processor, 5MP Rear and 2 MP front camera. Whats more in this price range? Go for it.Nice android experience. Better than Samsung, Sony. And a solid Confidence from Google.
Yes , I m satisfied with A1 ,good touch feeling, handy, good design and with Google updates. Though litle dissapointed with google, no lollipop till now ....waiting for january's lolipop update.
I am giving to this 5 star because it is nice cell phone i have till now..But i have complain my playstore is not working..I am using mobogenie and also those free internet usage is not working.
A fine android phone with this price. Pictures are OK. Only one drawback is the battery exhausts very quickly. Once again i would like to say that at such a price Micromax Canvas A1 is the best.
Performance wise it is good . Looks wise also good. Camera not satisfied. Display and touch also not that great but if we look for this price it is good. I would say it as worth for this price.
The product is up to the expectation and working fine currently. I would like to know if the accessories (like flip cover etc) for this handset are available on amazon and also in retail stores.
Nice phone, Congrats to Micromax. Smooth and stylish. No complaints regarding phone. But the Downloads from playstore were consuming data eventhough my network was AIRTEL. I dont know why..
I really appreciate it , it is a good pick up in little investments and according to me I got a nice collection of Google it is lighter, good touch, very nice clearity by front n back cam......
Worth the money...but promised updates are delayed!
Still waiting for Lolipop update. Pathetic micromax
Excellent set. Fast processing speed, stylish look.
It has stopped working, touch isn't working anymore
except battery phone really lived upto expectations
Indeed and amazing phone by Micromax-Google. Android One is very smooth to use and KitKat 4.4.4 UI is good. Google has customize this phone and has brought about lot of changes. Gallery Icon is missing- majority of google apps and no additional or pre-installed games or apps, i dont know if is the modified Android but ya... its a fall back . But we can go to play store and get whatever we want, so its not a major fall back too. Camera is decent and battery back up is decent again (1 day) and there a comments saying that the Display resolution could have been better... but i would say , at this price A1 is an amazing one ;) Serene White is Exotic and stylish .
battery back is not meeting the requirement, the battery goes down very fast if simply you use the internet or the social networking site. pone is very slow as compare to other 1 gb ram phones.
Awesome device, using it since 1 month. No Lag, everybody who sees this phone says is it a nexus because it's User interface is like nexus. It's a junior Nexus, Awesome Device, Go for it.
Everything is just awesome expect battery.....with continuous net usage it last 3 to 4 hr ..for normal usage it will be with you for 1 day....overall best phone at this range.. Go for it..
Phone is good. But Call Sound should be improved Battery should be minimum 3000 may We have already used 1700 mah in x288 model. So looking for a marathon battery smartphone
Except Battery, the phone is excellent. Camera is ordinary. But features? And Performance? This phone will terminate so many biggies in the market! Screen resolution and smoothness also superb.
The phone is awesome. But the 8GB memory card which was complimentary from amazon is not working. The message appears that please insert memory card although the card is already inserted in it.
An amazing phone it has been 5 days that the new micromax is in my hand but its amazing.... the camera quality is good.... the speaker is also good... The Look is the best.......
It is the first time when Micromax introduced a product that meets all the requirements of a user that he expects from other brands like Samsung. After using this product I am fully satisfied with all the functionality given in the phone. Also all functions are working very fine.I am highlighting some of the key points about this phone below --- The Wi-Fi is working very fine and its very fast. The Wi-Fi gets connected as soon as I am switching on the phone and I am able to play HD video through Wi-Fi without any buffering. --- The display and sound quality is very good. --- The phone build quality is also good, its slim and looking pretty much better than older Micromax phones
It is always so good to shop at amazon. Best customer experience provided by Amazon. Thank you. :) This product is crazily awesome. Touch is very smooth , android one works so perfectly .
Amazing phone..its a genie in a bottle...small package but packs a big punch...its been just about more than a month..and i already got lollipop update!! Totally worth the price....
Its a good phone for the price bracket in which it has been placed. Not too shabby after all. Also, coming with Google authorized hardware you have some peace of mind when it comes to quality.
overall good phone and very fast service by amazon. Some problem with network coverage - goes on and off automatically and needs frequent reboot to get the network back. Minor hardware issues.
As it is having 1 GB memory, and a very good processor, the execution speed of any app is very fast. Also, one need not clear memory every now and then. Very good product at reasonable price !
Very Poor Camera Performance - some times it will hang and camera will be off automatically Micromax - M! Live pre installed app doesn't work at all Battery Performance also not good
The best phone in this range... I used this phone very roughly from 20 days .. Its not hanged even for single second. And Perfact for girls... Its a google phone, With nink name of micromax...
NOT UP to MARK BATTERY is too week not much impressive, cell becomes over heat and charging worst display qulty poor if the phone is not ovr heat and display quality is good, we can go for it
its was a good experiance with anroid one. only a lack of screen clarity its vga screen it must be led or lcd display..over all performance is good with low price range..battery support is low
New android one is good, so is the touch quality... Micromax needs to work on providing better quality headsets & screen guard .. Cover availability is still a challenge.
Touch seems to be a bit resistive type but it is very very responsive...... Battery life is less as mediatek processors consume more battery...... Rest everything is fine...... Go for it......
Micromax Canvas A1 is very slim and smart phoen with a good sped and good video quality. The only negative mark is BATTERY. if you are regular user then you have to charge is twice ina day....
WIFI automatically disconnects and phone sound also not good. battery also not good. Phone always hot. Overal iam not satisfied with specifications. OKY KIND mobile.not awesome or super phone.
As everyone who want to buy smartphone think about samsang, sony, but this micromax canvas a1 fulfill all futures that run on above smartphone, so I am very please when handle this smartphone,
Good phone good performance solid build quality, feel solid in hand rich look and interface has Google touch so butter smooth performance overall according to price its best budget smartphone.
Great phone. there are 3 phones in this range, xiaomi 1s which i dont trust n u do have to face custumer service issues, 2nd phones is asus zenfone 4 a450cg which i used it for a week but returned it cz of lots of issues in the device, may the issues are just in my device but other then that the device is not good in hands. too big to hold and big edges which causes pain in my hand and u can't even chat for 10min in that device. then there is moto e which u can rate same as android 1 so i would say micromax canvas a1 is the best device in this range. camera is not good but other then that the performance of the device is great. everything runs smoothly n tollay awesome phone in this range.
Its a superb phone in it's price Google's required hardware specifications makes it very good, it's not a normal micromax phone It's fast and smooth Amazing value for the money
Good product but i bought another android one of karbon from snapdeal at 4599 so if you want to go with brand then ok otherwise u should look for karbon.and another cons is battery backup.
It is better for it's cost offered, but only one thing is we can' export contacts from SD card to SIM card. And hand set is not working properly even within month from purchasing date.
Micromax came up with a best budget android mobile.... I'm using this mobile since 1 month as on now it's working nicely. I loved it. Amazon's service is too good. Keep up amazon...
very good phone comes under budget good camera latest android nice looks simple paisa wasool except battery backup is low otherwise best phone from micromax
After unboxing it dint accept the wifi n data without rebooting.once rebooted. It worked fine.camera cud have been better.bt all in all a gud phone wen u consider it as always the latest os..
good phone, it's very easier to handle. only problem is regarding SIM slots,micro sd slots are there in the phone hence SIM cards should cut into proper size inorder to insert into the slots.
Really very nice phone , got all the features in such a less price and phone is running as buttery smooth , besides that guaranteed update by Google for two years . what else we needed guys.
Giving 5 only because of its price. Battery sucks but only 6k. Slight heating problem but again only 6k. If you can extend your budget by 2-3k more go with Moto G first generation.
Vedio hd recording is superb but camera photo shoot is little disappointing, whatever look after all facilities with sound quality & Ips display is very good. In nutshell (it is paisa wasul )
Configuration is good. Nice Looks. But probem in connecting with Wireless internet specially with service provider BSNL. Is there any solution to resolve the issue in WIFI in Micromax mobiles
I got it on 18th. Its software is supereb.the main problem of this phone camera. and video downolods. I am trying to download videos its not supporting. But over all in. this price its worth.
Amazon was given me date of delivery 30 but got delivered this phone on Thursday 25th . It's an awesome phone with latest technology . pretty design and quite slim. Camera is good at this price . front camera is also fine I checked it by video call . Best thing about this phone is no hanging problem . its running smoothly with awesome dragging keypad I love to type in this keypad . battery is good . this phone look like a 15 k range's phone. Google provide free android upgrades up to two years . I got 8 GB memory card free . My advice is buy this if you want complete configuration in cheap price. Anyway forget about manufacturer it is a Google phone . you can call this junior nexus .
Best phone in this class great offers from Amazon
My Son Gave a gift to me on 22/10/2014 of Canvas. Previously I was using Samsung Duos with double sim. On inserting the SIM -1 I did not receive any Signal Of my Airtel Conection. I kept on waiting and finally there was a respond but only one or two signals. While On Samsung phone the quality of sinal was very good. On 23 rd I inserted the Another Sim Of Idea but the same problem was there. I waited for two days 24th and 25th October. There was no improvement. How The Product can be used when there is a signal problem !. may be I have lost a presigeous deal during ths period. Finally I decided to return to the Amazon and I returned it on 27/10/2014
Pros:performance is good Charging rate is good Battery backup normal Front camera awesome Look is nice Slim trim phn Con's: worst rear camera Heating issue
Its nice phone to use. In the price category it is in top list, and i got some good offer from amazon. cons- internal memory is always a tension with this, battery drains fast
Is canvas A1 supports class 10 memory card..? Coz I just bought 16 gb class 10 which worked on xperia E...and phone says memory card unsupported and asks to format it....what does that mean?
I got this phone near diwali. This working great. The camera quality is very good 5 megapixel autofocus. I love this phone.there is no phone which provides such variety at such a price.
Was having so much expectations from it but didn't stand one the very first week as problem started like ....USB connection ..Battery started drying fast ..... But overall....nice phone
I bought this phone for my son and I have grand 2 but when I compered both of them CANVAS A1 has has more features than my phone and by the camera we can even see the material of the cloths
Its. ..really amazing...superb phobe... Goid camera,Goid ram management, Good bright display Everything is good... Any one having budget till 10000 go for this phone
This is a nice phone for those who do not care about camera. It is three weeks now that I have been using it. No hitch so far. But the back cover worries me. It seems it would peel off soon.
Recently I purchased this phone. Most Amazing for this price. The rear camera takes images even in shadow area. The design is cool. Android One Interface is also smooth. It is worth buying.
First of all , excellent phone with excellent features except battery backup. But quite OK at this price..... But when will we get the flip case for this mobile Please provide soon
Awesome handset.. Very fast giving review by using it My points: Battery:6/10 Performance:10/10 Build quality:8/10 Lastly I Wanna know when will I receive my coupon?
Excellent phone at it's range , camera quality is also good, don't compare it with Samsung or Sony as their Lens technology is different. Sound comes little low while in call , but OK. But, 1700 mAh battery not delivering as they said. Battery drainage is a little bit high, as maximum percentage of battery draining because of Screen display(with minimum level of Brightness), Phone idle, Android system, android OS etc (Settings>battery) but not for other apps. I alredy chaged the phone settings for maximum battery saving. I don't use it all day, still I charge it min, twice daily. It is better that you also buy a power bank with this phone.
Excellent quality. Android One does everything as promised. Best budget smartphone available. The battery could've been better. 1700mAH is quite less. Lasts for about a day.
It is best product and much better than xiomi redmi 1s excellent performance and no heating no lagging in buget it can compete moto g.....it is first thing which i like and its my own......
In this set we have got the problem in the charging time it's not work and battery backup is also down, So we have got the issues related to battery backup. Thanks, Malkhan Parmar
the 8gb memory card sent with the handset gives the message "non writable", so pls replace it. airtel was not able to transfer my 3g net connection to this handset so pls help.
Awesome phone. OS is same as that of nexus. Ccamera is pretty decent. Plays most games and apps. I am very happy with this. Oh if u are wondering abt delivery it was delivered on time.
All features r nice, reasonable price but google must do fr battery life, most common problem in android phone in fast draining of battery. In this phone battery should be 2000 mah or more.
the product is very good, the Battery was not good, I switched on my phone 6 in the morning and with in 3pm of the same the Battery was down.. otherwise the mobile is very good
phone is ok but camera is not meeting the expactations, it shots like 2 megapixel images, rest of the phone is good. overall at this price cap buying this is not a bad option. thankyou
it awesome phone it camera and touch simply super nice phone for this amount other company phones are not coming for these prices i love this phone thank you micro max
Great phone. Pros: smooth touch great front and back camera stylist design never hangs like samsung Con battery could have been batter.
Phone is just good.... After one hour of gaming or watching videos or browsing phone getting extremely warm.... And poor battery, it drains much faster than my old samsung galaxy...!!
The phone is good. The picture quality is exceptional. However the menu navigation is not as good as samsung. Also it has to be charged frequently. All the other features work as expected.
URGENT!: My phone isn't switching on!! It simply blinks when I try to switch it on. Have removed and inserted the battery, not working. Tried charging it, too. Nothing works! Please help!!
This mobile starts hanging within one month of its purchasing. Apps not responding and continuously hanging. It take too much time for charging[>3 Hrs] and didn't last even a day.
better than expectations. awesome mobile compared to its price but lack of some basic features like there is no option of keeping off one sim card & there is no default battery saver.
As I am not able to see the file manager in this phone. Can anyone tell me how I can see and access the internal memory in this phone? Also can I set mp3 song as my ringtone in this phone?
Android-1 is spectacular, It is the perfect item I had been dreaming of, but I had not expected that it would materialise so cheaply at Rs.6500.00, thanks to Amazon & heads on to Micromax.
excellent for 6k for the ones who start using it as there first android device.. people with battery capacity problem buy micromax unite 2 battery same fit and would give u high capacity..
It's unbelievable that one can get this much in this price. It's speed is amazing. When I compare it with Nexus 5, there is slight difference in speed. Thanks Google + Micromax.
Best phone in this segment. Only Con is battery..
A great value to your money! Although Gallery and file manager app is not there as default . but gives you a feel of complete smart phone when compared to some high end mobile phones
Simply go for this Phone and don't get confused by reading the negative reviews. You cant get more than this specifications for this price range and that too the Google's direct update!!!
Good phone, worth its price On comparing with Moto G priced Rs.13000, Canvas A1 is small in size and rear camera spec only. All other spec are same as MOto G at this far lower price.
i love everything abt this phone..no lag at all...battery back up is avg...12hrs in avg get with fb,whatsapp calling nad little games..but havent yet received the L update google promised
The phone is getting crashed with in a month and it is showing so many errors while operating and i cant use my phone properly while charging Really disappointed by the product
Good. But It can't to use for Video call directly from sim or service provider. 200 MB Data (Airtel Prepaid) GET EVERY MONTH FOR APP DOWN LOAD. BUT PROMISED 100 MB DATA NOT GET UPDATION.
It is okay except battery consumption is too fast when net is used. Life is not satisfactory. Secondly, I have got two times receiving sound problem but after striking it started working.
Beautiful design, lookwise i phone5c , Superb performance, no hanging at all, fast touch response, only concern is cam quality - dont expect cam quality at all. battery also draining fast
the quality of product is good... package and delivery are ...the best .... some space problem is there....may be not because of my requirement.... overall it is a good buy.....
Its good in this price range not an extraordinary Didn't like camera much. Everything else is good Go for it if you want google updates regularly and camera is not your priority
though the phone is looking good im facing 2 problems 1) battery discharging very fast while using 2) it is not showing to which sim the message had come between two sims,
Overall good.Good looks,good speed,processor ram etc. Decent price.Latest stock androd version.But poor battery life and screen quality is also poor when compared to high end lcd screens.
Excellent Phone with the latest Android version at a budget rate. Excellent display with 5 inch screen. Everything works fine. Cons Headphone is not up to the mark.
Bluetooth does not work in this mobile if you want any app via it.Also pictures n songs cannot be sent through bluetooth if the other phone has different version of android like lollipop
Micromax Android One mobile very good features. long battery backup. no hang and heat. All in one mobile phone is Micromax Android One A1.Very Good Mobile, good good good good all in one
You must go for it,if u wanna purchase at low price mobileas u get 5mp camera and 2 mp front facing camera as this feature is amazing,nt getting anywhere else at this price just rs 5500.
Purchased on 15 Oct received on 19th working good camera good handling good just a weak battery discharges in 4hrs. Very good service by amazon.. 100% satisfied with this purchase.
Cool mobile with lots of features... Service-10/10 Mobile-10/10 Must buy for up to high end users also... Without lag.. Just close ur and click "buy now"
Camera quality is not good enough, battry backup is poor, touch pad is not so smooth, having the problem auto switch off. Not satisfied. Comaparatively HUAWEI HONOR HOLLY is much better.
Sure u can never compare the performance of micromax with Samsung or Apple micromax is gonna trouble u a bit in the long run. But this price for this phone and features is simply great..
It is better than earlier same seagment but not providing gallery is worst part,it looks, it is unwanted interfarence in privacy of an indivisual by google in the name of backup of data.
This phone is a good buy and value for money. Except speaker quality and voice clarity other features are good. If Micromax improves speaker and voice clarity, this will become huge hit
in price of 100$ best phone for android lover & with 1 gb ram and latest android kitkat 4.4 phone smoothly work without hanging problem like other phone in this range compare 2 samsung.
I very much appreciate the android one platform and the micromax made it do even better... Really best phone in this price range... Even the amazon team delivered it quite soon... Thanks
This mobile is really very good, this my first smart phone and i am really very happy and satisfied with this model. All the functions of mobile is very good. I really love this mobile.
I got this cell today and I am already facing a problem. M!live is not working. I am not able to see the contents of my SD card. Please assist if someone knows how to solve this problem.
Loopholes: U can't change ringtones as per ur choice. There is no shortcut to opt in & opt out for mobile data option.(4 steps) speaker is not that good as expected.
the call related functions are very very basic, many important functions are missing and have not been given enough attention. Nothing which could impress as in the advertisement !!
Thanks for asking review... some features are good like high range tabs....at low cost many facilities provided.....atlast....battery backup very poor...lesser than anything...!!!!???
The phone is good value of money but my set doesn't allow Bluetooth application transfer. Moreover, its USB is not getting connected with laptop. Horrible task to transfer the data
Good phone in the price range....no lag whatsoever till now the only problem of this phone is that the battery drains quickly not even lasts a full day....else its a must buy phone.....
this phone is not good compression with othre micromax mobile in this price range. you-tube not working, USB not supported, and battery back-up is poor.needs to charge 2 or 3 time daly also hardware is too poor polish of body ia removing whithin 2 month
I got this mobile one month before,nice phone,every thing is good except battery back up ,what we are paying is Worth full for this mobile..buy one extra power bank for long browsing ..
The delivery was on time.....the product is fine... The screen guard is not good. Headphone was average Touch sensitivity was awesome..... Network is also average...
Best phone at this price. But I found one problem that it is not able to download apps from google play store. So I am using 1mobile market to fownload apps. Overall very nice phone. :)
very nice and budget phone, I got Free 8GB Memory card & screen guard from Amazon fit into your hand properly Latest android directly from Google. Fast processing speed.
Got this phone yesterday and so far it has been pretty decent on all aspects of the phone for this budget. Will anyone pls tell me how to change the user profile settings in this phone?
The phone is ok types , but it gets hot when being used for camera or video streaming . The touch is good , the sound quality with headphones is really good and worth appreciation.
All sustem is the best accept camara and weight.
After a while, updates from the google play app store have stopped working. I cant even download new apps. I have tried resetting the phone, relinking my google account, nothing works.
5 rating for all the features provided.. Only issue is battery back up is very low especially when navigation is turned on. If this is not used then best phone for price paid
No gallery.. can't change incoming ringtone.. no file manager.. but overall for this range its a good phone. Waiting for next upgrade with better camera quality and with HD features..
A very good phone in this price range ..meets expectations to a great extent.. Speaker vol. Is somewhat low ..Rest features r very good. I am. Enjoying this phone and my family too ..
Micromax canvas a 1 is the good looking mobile. Features are great. Have great speed with one GB ram. But its camera is not good. Its camera is average. Overall this mobile is awesome.
Product good. INDIA POST or SPEED POST is very lousy. Took very very Long, Abnormal time to Deliver. AMAZON should try to avoid the courier. Other than Delivery everything was ok.
Pros Very Good Spec for the price Cons The back cover design was stupid. I wonder how they could sit around a table and come up with this design for back-cover !!!
very good buy for the first time smartphone(with android) users like me. overall performance with 1GB RAM & 1.3 GHz quadcore processor is very good except battery, to be charged daily.
The phone is very good , but as usual the battery back up is the issue, since the phone has wide range of applications the back up is a real concern , need to have a heavy duty battery
Value for Money! Go for it... Only Con I can say is: If you are net savvy average battery life is an issue. Otherwise looks perfect with all specifications & performance too.
I have got my phone..it's fine but as it was mentioned while I was adding it to cart that they will give 2k vouchers but there's nothing in the box and no confirmation in my account :/
Not Upto the Mark, Is very slow Camera Quality Poor. Is very disappointing to have such a low quality product marketed and supported by Android just to capture the Average User Market.
Owesom, very good looking & fast browsing. Battery backup during WiFi operatin is not so good. There is an issue while installing/upgrading the application or Software(Error 489).
just loving it...good one form Micromax. positives: good performance... looks good..best back finishing ever...good camera.. better screen quality drawbacks: average battery
Awesome phone at this price. Good specs. I bought 1st for myself and I'm planning to buy another one for my dad. Good delivery options as well by Amazon. It's junior nexus from Google.
It is one of the best smartphone under 7000 budget. I'm very Happy to have this awesome android phone. .........Delhi ho ya dungerpur.......apna kismat apne hath...........android 1
The launch price itself was Rs. 6499. Now Amazon shows that the actual price was 7499 and now it's selling it at 1500 discount. I suggest Amazon to refrain from such cheap activities.
Worth for 6.5k pros: quad core processor photo sphere(360 deg)is available these are not in MOTO E cons: battery-12 hrs NO gorilla glass
Product is fine and also happy for your honesty. But as per the offer, i'm still waiting for 10% sbi card refund in my account. Order no. -404-7096031-8610727 for your reference.
I have not able to connect it in to my PC. (Windows xp). I tried many attempts but I failed to connect. If I receive your mail to me how to connect it I will be very happy. Thanks.
better than expectations. awesome mobile compared to its price but lack of some basic features like there is no option of keeping off one sim card & there is no default battery saver.
this diwali only i had purchased this phone everything is awesome only by using high performance game the device get overheated. so best phone in best price with huge demands..:)
Micromax Android One is excellent and Google maps,voice replay,back and front camera,speed,touch screen working so........ nice. It is best suitable Budget mobile in this price.
Look and Feel - 8/10 Screen - 7/10 Camera - 5/10 Software - 10/10 Performance - 9/10 Battery Life - 6/10 Value - 9/10
Very Nice Phone with amazing features. Bought this month around one month back and extremly happy with the performance of the phone. Superb camera and excellent speed. Value for money
Good phone. Touch screen response is very good and very smooth. No any hanging issue. Android one is exellent . superfast speed. Battery backup is also good. I am enjoying the phone.
value for money ! great hardware and update software. but the memory card is not working already have complain and they are working on it good service great fone !
Bought it yesterday from amazon.... Very lite weighted mobile and having soft touch screen ... Being 1 day user cannot mention all its pros and CONS...will post later with proper info
Good smartphone... The quote exceptional phonr exceptional price suits for this... Gud gaming performance.... Quad core is pretty much good when compared to moto g 2014
Very good phone with low budget. Loved it. With one word i would say this product is marvelous. But the only problem is that micromax has not provided android lollypop updates..
Good mobile with decent specifications. Working fine for past few months without any issue. Only thing we needed to verify is it's battery backup and software update from its claims.
I am using its since 6 month and this phone work so smoothly and I never face hanging problem or any other issue except its camera quality dispointed me but in day light its better..
Don't buy, till now no update for Android Lollipop, when other phones such as Nexus are getting 5.0.1. Android One is just a Marketing gimmick by to lure customers to buy this phone.
Yesterday camera was not working and today phone is not getting on today plz someone help me out from this how can I get the phone replace by a new one I purchased it 20 days before
this looks to be really goods. Works as expected. I hope this Micromax would perform in the long run(more than an year) since I have not had a good experience with their other model.
It is a very good mobile phone with android one at this price range.It has very good display and it's processer speed also Excellent. I am happy with this phone for the money I paid.
Good value for money, rear cam quality in day light is good but in the dark it is average and so as front one. Battery backup is little low. Overall the gadget is good in its budget.
it s a good product. and much value for money. i have taken this last two weeks ago. i am happy with my micromax A1. congrats for promoting a best product as always. Cheers AMAZON!!!
With this price tag it is one of the best configurations.A quicker delivery will be much appreciable. Anyways, a good phone with awesome features. Thanks to both Amazon and Micromax.
Micromax Canvas A1 is good. I bought this phone for My Mom for her birthday. She just loved it. It is good looking. good performance. The product was delivered on time thanks Amazon.
It was simply superband amazing quality for videos and pictures. It's run at time multiple apps with good performance but comparing some of other mobiles video clarity some what low.
good, can't access internal memory, all apps which are downloading from play store are storing in internal memory due to that internal memory is full and its affect mobile function.
excellent product and worth the one for the price we pay...great phone.. only one design issue is that they could have used some more space down as there was a black place left out.
Nice phone but i can not find the file explorer option in micromax android one...... so please can any one tell me how can i find this option .....my email id is amitu558@gmail.com
Nice phone with decent specs in the range of 6k. Battery drains fast. But with add on application like 2battery it does perform well and lasts up to 12 hours with wifi on and gaming
the phone is ok in terms of speed but the screen could have been a bit big and the battery life is not that good and needs daily charge and also its hard to share music on the phone
I like the look this mobile. Smooth touch, good speed but hang up some time when playing game. No file manager to set ring tone. Front camera is not up yo the mark as said 2mp.
Ek dam zordar phone hai.paisa vashul. Gallery,file menegar app store se download kar lene KA or yahoo aviate lonchaer download karne KA Sirf FM radio home theater me nhi bajta
This one really gud at this price...all works perfectly and lag less performance...only thing is with battery.its is avg...but over all it is awesome....Go for it guys....cheers((((
very good phone in this price range. This my first online product in Amazon. I didn't get any offers from Amazon even 6 month Airtel data plan offer also. Need to check with Amazon.
Not so user friendly. Unhelpful for self learning. The User Manual falls short of my expectations. I expected it to be step-by-step instructions for learning each of its features.
It has low sound clarity and loudness . Little bit slow to use as compare with money . Cemera clarity is also not good . So many other company give u much better thing at this price
the product is very good worth the value, the only problem is battery. Either it doesn't have a good battery back up.or the one i recived has got some defect. suggest for exchange.
The phone is awsm, very fast, user frndly, but my frnds who purchased micromax prdct is very annoid with after sale service, I think google can see after that to keep there goodwill
Which color is better? White or metallic black?
Overall the mobile is good at this price. First I thought to buy RedMI mobile so I waited for weeks to buy the mobile,but out of stock.So I started to search other mobile. I sorted these mobile to buy 1. RedMi 2. Moto E 3. Spice andriodone 4. Zenfone 4 5. Micromax canvas A1 After sorting out these mobile I came to conclusion to buy micromax. Highlights of Micromax. 1. Comport in hand 2. Look and feel feature is good 3. Getting this mobile with gifts like memory card, Screen guard and with airtel offer 4. Getting new upgrade from google directly.
Good Mobile. Heavy games play very well. Does multitasking efficiently. Camera and battery backup are good but not great. Touch response is awesome. Over all i feel its a good buy.
I am not a Prompt man to review mobile phones, but as a user it meets all my requirements. I was using micromax ninga for the last 18 months and this set is much faster and better.
Being a first time android phone user, I would say it's a superb phone as per the price .... The only demerit I faced that camera isn't that good... Pic quality is average in night
micromax android one is very good & absolutely satisfied with this performance .camera is good overall performance very good. battery is good. internet performance is good.
excellent product; worth buying.. one small look and feel issue is with the way the camera and flash is placed within a different colour circle at the back which doesnt look great.
Hi  I got this mobile on 4 Oct. Every thing working perfectly.but I'm bit disappointed with camera  its has given 5MP . But its the pictures below average like we take in 3MP:(
battery backup is burst, also only video calling is available threw internet. using old technology. its dual sim bt u can use one sim at a time, no option to use both at same time.
Phone has one major problem. Internet don't work properly after certain period and I need to restart phone at least 3-5 in a day so that I continue to use internet
Good service from Amazon but didn't get 4gb internal memory instead I got only 2.27 GB internal Music output is OK OK Battery backup is not good Good economic phone
I am unhappy to that i buy phone because i am big fan of androaid. They say that our phone is the first who get the Andriod L update but my phone is not get the update till today.
Really nice phone working fantastic very smooth everything is perfect. Battery also very powerful though it is only 1700mah. Just love the mobile pura paisa wasul...... Satisfied.
Much better than other branded mobiles. I purchase this product with lots of doubts that, will it overheat, quality of product and other features but it's beyond what I expected.
It would have been better if it is Blacksize. When I order Black is not available. Others I found few features are not working like deleting multiple contacts, etc ...
awesome phone. one draw back is that it has only 1700mah battery but if u turn off the GPS map then its sufficient. i m very satisfied. -camera is clear -speed is good
Poor.charger was not working within 10days and speaker was also not gud.when I contacted amazon for refund they initiated the refund BT still after 10days I hav'nt got my refund.
The phone is just Ok. Even the Google Play store app is not scaled down to display properly on the device. And there is no system wide UI indic langauge support except for Hindi.
Just a awesome phone...dnt hesitate.... Micromax ya google..if u belive in any of this just...grab..it just slightly unhappy with amazon delivery..took aroud 4 days ...
Phone mic and speaker is not working properly.
pls put it back in stock... i wanna buy it....
I am using this product for 15 days .... Excellent Mobile.. simply one word, AWESOME.. THE AVILABLE RAM IS ,, MAX - 740 MB , MIN - 545 MB you can play almost every HD GAMES LIKE - DEAD TREGER 2, ASPHALT 8 , NOVA 3 AND MANY MORE , I PLAY THIS GAME ON MY ANDROID ONE CANVAS a1, AND I AM TELLING YOU THIS GAME WORKING VERY VERY SMOOTH,,,, PLUS POINT THERE IS NO HEATING PORBLEMS... SO GAMERS LIKE ME , GO FOR IT, GO FOR IT , IF YOU WANT COOK SOME RICE OR HEATER THEN YOU SHOULD GO FOR REDMI - 1S, IF YOU WANT A PURE ANDROID EXPERIENCE THEN GO FOR IT ,,,,,,
BATTERY OF MOBILE NOT WORKING SINCE DELIVERY OF ITEM. GAVE MOBILE TO MICROMAX SERVICE CENTRE , AT NAGPUR BUT,D. O. LETTER IS NOT GENERATING SINCE 2 WEEKS.
Really cool mobile with good features and also has option to upgrade from android kitkat to lollipop version. Very good packaging and faster delivery from Amazon team. Cheers!!!
Very nice phone at 6.5K. could have been rated 5 but picture quality is not that good. Speaker is too small so if we don't place phobe properly on ear, sound couldn't be heard.
Superfast deivery by Amazon,excellent packaging and nice product. Overall I'm satisfied. A1 can give you the feel of a nexus, but with a desi 'tadka'. Just go for it.
I got it phone in very cheap rates only 6499. It is awesome phone in this range. And work also awesome. Purchase it.. It's really awesome. I m saying that things after using it.
Mobile is very good performance Some times hanging the phone Camera is normal Spkr sound also normal Display clarity is not good Battery backup is good
The phone is awesome worth for money the fast is superb in 3g 100mb is download in a minitue trebbile only one think is the battery performance is low otherwise is a super phone
Using canvas A1... Since a week no troubles.. As people said there are some issues with wifi ..but it is negligable... You can go for this device the best @the price..
The one i Got is having issues with the sim . The network is going off after quite a day or two and need to power off or have to put on airplane mode to get back on the network.
Courier service in terms of care with products should be taken... Costly products courier person deals it with like any normal courier... Product is value for money... Take away
I am surprised at how good this phone is. for this Price it is worth every penny. google will also give immediate updates to this device like the nexus devices.. its Super fast.
Every thing is good buta small defect Cam clarity was not at all good every picture captured had large scale of pixels displayed without zoom in thats the major defect as of now
Fast Delivery! Thanks to Amazon! Value for Money! Excellent looks, latest OS. Sleek design! I am happy to get a hand on this product! Smart buy!!! Good Job Google and Micromax!!
At this price point, this is the best smartphone to consider.It,s very smooth while doing normal task that even high end smartphone lag behind of it.I just love this device.....
Amazing Product at amazing Price. I got for only 5299. Don't expect screen to be so great. You get what you pay. I am quite happy with product. No complain so 5 stars from me!!
Bad device, had to send to service center twice already in less than 3 months. Not sure if a defective piece was sent in the first place, thus could be a seller problem as well
It's a good phone at that price range, especially as there are no glitches of any sort. The phone is very vulnerable of falling from your hand. All in all a very good purchase.
Mobile is working fine but its accessories .....very poor quality.....my headphone has stopped working and charger- i have changed it two times by customer care service center.
speed and sensitivity is very good, but when it is connected to the PC via cable, the PC will show it as a unrecognized device. but it is not same with the other mobile phones.
Really really worth d price :-):-)awesome cell....totally recommended:-D on top android one...did s one of d least price cell vit DAT offer:-):-)all d features r really cool:-)
good product.......better then samsung. Good battery life , display, speaker everything ,,....only problem is memory is shared through memory card only ....that can be managed.
Mobile is good and features are also good but the memory card is not viewable directly like other mobiles ther is no my file folder to see the memory card to open it.
Bought mobile !!! Satisfied customer care... Prob I have faced is battery back up .. Lags except that everything seems good*** one who likes to sacrifice their browsing can buy
I brought this mobile last month..and till date its butterly smooth.. No lags..no hang....worth of buying this product at this price range..when compared with xiaomi and moto e
This phone is very good at this price. Almost all the basic features are included. The only issue is flip cover is not available yet. Guys,please make the flip cover available.
This phone is awesome. Its a look alike of Nexus 4. The touch is good. I Dont want to write about all the features of it. Overall it is superb phone for this amount. Go for it.
I bought Micromax Canvas A1 with Android One (Magnetic Black) on 26th but found the Charger defective and returned it on 27th. will request amozon to replace instead of refund.
Build quality is excellent, very smooth to use, no lag at all. The battery will last 1 - 2 days with moderate use. Stock Android is a great experience after using Samsung and such. Some heavy games may lag, don't expect to play those on this phone. The screen resolution is a little low, but you won't notice at all unless you're very particular about it. The camera isn't too great, photos are good enough to share online, not for wildlife photography! Other than that, its a fully featured phone, probably the best of the 3 Android One phone. If you're looking for an Android around Rs 6000, go for it!
I purchased this phone for myself, was using gionee e3 earlier, but in terms of performance, this beats e3. Never faced any hang issues and very good in terms of connectivity.
A good product by an Indian gaint .Stock android,descent camera,bad build quality,low battery,low resolution screen,and more especially fake promise by google about os update!
After 4 month, still having good performance, only issue is battery it lasts only 4-5 hours of normal use. Now experiencing some lag in bottom keys when having vibration mode.
Review from a friend who bought it through me: Awesome phone. All the features are as described and works like a charm. Thanks to Amazon and the "Android One" concept.
Its looking good, but after one weeek its getting over heat while charging at camera side, drop charging very fastly while using internet, over all this product very very bad
Very good phone. I purchase this phone for my sister from amazon.com before 1 month. Amazing phone and it looks like nexus 5. And one more thing is this phone has good camera.
This is perfect android mobile for whose who are looking for looking full features for less price. Good one. Speed of this phone is amazing.overall it is very good phone.
It is very nice and i am surprised to see a 8GB memory card inside.But the performance of the camera is somewhat disappointing. Finally it is a very good phone in this price.
I received in on time before my trains time its amazing by Amazon. Micromax A1 Best, but i used hTC before its greater experience. In half prize android one is excellent.
I love the way amazon.in deliver the products..owsome mobile phone by google but I didn't find the way to connect mobile to PC...any one is here how to do connection with PC..
Its getting heat when we talk for 30 minutes.
very good at this price but not for gamers...
Good phone. But battery strength is very poor
Economical phone with satisfying feature s...
Now My canvas A1 got Lollipop 5.1!! This phone is value for money. And its 1 Gb. Ram is awesome in this range. I am using this for last 6 months. I love using this. Its fast.
it is a nice phone with a comparatively cheaper price and the android one program by google under which you get android update directly for next 2 years makes it worth buying
This phn is awesome under this price range. Its touch is supereb, where its performance is too good as expected. However the battery is average and cann't work for whole day.
Brought it for mum so that she could start using smartphones. So far I have only heard praises. A good device which is doing what others in the market at a fraction of price.
Really great. Super performance for the price. Only issue was I found it difficult to get flip cover for this in the market. Delivery by amazon was faster than expected.
The phone is awesome. Everything that i was expecting. The camera is good and so is the screen. My only complaint is amazon's service. I got the phone 12 days after booking!!
Performance is very good. I am happy with this mobile but only problem is heating of mobile and battery backup. If we ignore these two problem then this is world class mobile
Good Smartphone overall..... Only con is that the camera module is getting scratched very easily and takes away the overall beautiful back look of this budget phone.....
Overall performance is good except the camera and speaker (Audio) - i know i shouldn't be expecting a super quality but there are better one's available in the similar price.
Good Mobile but lacks some basic apps (Galary, Filemanager --- I suppose google itself removed Galary) The Camera app wont take pictures until MicroSD is inserted.
Really a very good product.... Jus wished if battery could last for some more time... But it's OK... Jus go for it and make ur life easy... :) now waiting for my cash back...
wonderful thats the only word i can say, am ablw download whats up, skype and viber on my phone and its quite marvellous at this price, the audio is ok as also looks, great!!
micromax android one is best budget mobile,camera also better,during charging mobile have cold it's good but 1700 amh battery not enough for android ,overall mobile is good.
Great product for the price . Display : 7/10 - For IPS display its pretty good Built quality : 10/10 Battery : 7/10 ( Stays for 12 hours full usage i.e 24*7 Wi-fi / 3g , camera , call , whatsapp ) . Speakers : 9 / 10 . Features : 10 / 10 everything is working perfectly fine . Touch responsiveness is just amazing . I never thought of getting such a responsive touch in this price category .10 / 10 Camera : 5 / 10 . Not that great , expected a better camera when resolution is 5 MP . Google now is just too good and android experience is a real blizz .
good phone at this price, android own verified phone, but the new lollipop 5.1 update is not that good, performance reduced instead of improving, kitkat 4.4 was much better.
super phone for its range, except for battery which is a curse for micromax phones no second opinion in rating it the best among budget phones with latest apps adaptability.
I got this phone within 4days even after I live in a village. Thanx to Indian post. The phone is just awesome. Its worth the catch. Close your eyes and just click buy now...
good phone in this price range. touch is nice, awesome software and design, no lags whatsoever. only problem is the absence of file manager and an average battery life.
i am using this phone for about a month or so!!! all other features in the phone is pretty nice except the battery!!! its really poor and it doesn't even last a whole day!!!
Nice phone at the cost, better than mote e. Lighter in weight, but camera doesnt click any pic's without external sd card Awaiting for the 1st update of Android L.
This phone has got everything that you can expect it to have.. Blindly, go for it!! Only, converting mini SIM to micro SIM could be a concern, otherwise no complaints..
Best smart phone in this price brackets. Good features, excellent and sharp display. Need to watch battery life and performance. Recommended for the value for money product.
Its a great phone and it meets my expectations and the only drawback is it doesn't have a file manager ans a gallery ( it has photos) all I can say is it a nexus younger bro
truly it has everything a smart phone must have .with such a affordable price it would revolutionize the concept of android features . thanks to google n micromax
As compared to spice dream uno and karban sparkal with same specification this is the right product to choose because of its brand and having 10% cash back offer on SBI card
The android one is top notch.. But the amazon delevary guy hadnt brought a credit card machine then after instructed. I had to go to the atm and draw the amount to pay him..
Super compitating phone there is no hanging like other company phones.i really happy for this price.pls purchase indian make phones friends we can change the indian economy.
I got the product little late, it took almost 8 days to deliver it to me. But talking about the phone its just simply awesome. Just go for it you will not regret.
it is good at low cost but while at the time of playing games, the phone is getting structing sometimes and instead of giving a free SD card, give the phone flip cover.....
This is my First Purchase in Amazon.in... I'm Happy with the purchase and delivery by amazon. Overall experience of the phone was good till now i used.
Awesome Service by Amazon !!! I got it yesterday and I am truely amazed by the quality and performance of this phone at this price. Thumbs up from my side :)
worst phone, cant use it without SD card, cannot store anything without SD card, phone memory is not accessible neither we are permitted to store anything on phone's memory
nice phone at this price comes with preloaded google goodness its simply better clever and awesome phone camera quality little good and it comes under your budget
I have given this as gift to my sister. The delivery got in time. But she has concern about its charge life. It is not keeping charge for long time. Otherwise its very good
Superb phone.If you want good phone below 6K ,go for it.This is my third purchase form Amazon and happy with all 3 buy.Quick delivery as promised and excellent packing too.
1. Smooth operations 2. Below average camera 3. Problems do occur - hangs, unresponsive screen 4. Mediocre battery life of 14-16 hours 5. Nice finishing
The fine is really good at this price. Now because of the quality and price band the co is able to achieve no.1 position now in India.proud to be a owner of mi Cromax.
A very good phone for a good price.. Im using it for past 2week i dont face any problem in it. If ur looking a buget plz go for it. Thanks to amazon for a piroity delivery.
The phone l received was not detecting the network. It shows network error while searching. So I returned the phone. Amazon returned the complete money back to my account.
Over all good but nothing much special look wise. Touch is smooth no lag but battery and speaker volume are not upto mark but will work as normal.moto e is better than this
Awesome mobile...Let me put pros and cons of this : Pros : 1. Awesome touch..feels like feather ..too good 2. Very light weight 3. Good rear camera 4. 1 GB RAM , apps install like super fast 5. Superb resolution 213 ppi 6. Good speaker volume 7. No lag in playing games Cons: 1. Front camera is bad (who needs it anyway if not Video chatting) 2. I am still thinking of any cons .................. In my view this mobile is a steal deal in 6500/- with 8GB card free. Go for it..I am loving it :)
I have used it 15 days its functioning is OK
The packaging was good but the product was not up to the mark. Signal reception of phone is very bad and heats up frequently. Also had issues in picking up WIFI signal, it just disconnects in couple of mins and switches back to data pack though the wifi connection is on and working Very poor quality, was extremely disappointed with the product. Also the SD card which came along with the phone was not at all being recognized, not even in other phones. Micromax should spend more on quality assurance of the product than in marketing to build into a reliable brand
I purchese micromax A1canvas for your shop manth Oct 2014 in a instrument hagig problem and not start after 1/2 hrs so pls check it and give me costamar address and number
I like it and in this mobile function is good and android version is good 4.4.4. and this device is work in very smoothly and in this mobile camera is v.good ...
Everything is good about the phone if you compare other phones available at the same price. at 6K its a best buy in smartphone segment. Although it needs to improve a bit.
It is value for money and good buy. But i couldn't transfer data from mobile to PC and vice versa. I bought it few weeks back and am quite satisfied with its performance.
I highly recommend this phone over any smart phone that are available within the range of 8000... Evrythng is good.. Superb actually... But disappointed with battery.. Uff
the product is good. it satisfies all my needs. thanks amazon for the deals. good phone with good processor. Very attractive offers. the offers on other things also i got.
Nothing to complain after the replacement due to some software issues Everything is great can be my daily driver for more than 1 year atleast. Thank you Amazon.
Very good mobile from Micromax; 1.Great display, 2.Good camera, 3.Good speed, 4.Weight less, 5.But don't know when Android L wil hit this mobile.
USB tethering and WiFi tethering won't work. Sevice centre guy told me that this model does not have tethering facility. You can't transfer files from mobile to computer.
Very nice handset from micromax, I got delivered it with in 2 days by eBay, everything is good except battery backup, if I charge fully, I will get only one day backup...
phone is gud fast enogh memory apps can be moved to ext sd battery drains faster in 3g camera is avg phone is cool.....no heating issues yet
iT IS GOOD SMART PHONE IN THIS RANGE BUT I DIDN'T LIKE IT'S MASSAGE AND CALL LOG FUNCTION, THERE IS NO OPTION TO INSERT MOBILE CONTACT AND CALL LOG IS ALSO NOT UPTO MARK.
It perfect phone its camera quality is awesome and its android version will also be the latest all the time its ram is also good the only problem in this phone isicro sim
I brought this mobile phone before one month ago. I am facing same problem like application software. Only company given 2 GB internal memory. And rest of all too awsame.
good looking, touch is good, sound quality is medium, but can not access the micro sd card till now. could not access the M!live. its wanting upgrade, but not supporting.
Phone Is Great no doubt about it Works like a Charm Every game works Fine even high end only con camera can be more better and design from front looks ugly
Bargain for what you pay. Pure Google experience and with guaranteed updates. Battery life should have been better. But overall pretty happy and satisfied with the phone.
Phone is gooood but no flip covers are available that make it little bit a sad for me and perhaps others too feels the same. Hoping to get flip covers soon on amazon
Best phone in this price range. You will not face any hang issue and the lollipop update is lil bit inconsistent.Better stay with kitkat or wait for further updates
not the good product as compared with its competitors like xolo one and karbonn spakle. Xolo one is the much better product than this. it has the network signals issues.
One of the best android phone and in best price range. thanks Google for making such a wonderful phone. Thanks Micromax as well. no cons for this android one.
I'm quite satisfied with this phone. I'm using it since it was launched . I've never had any issues with this phone so far. I think I got my money's worth. Thanks Amazon
Awsm phone And M Very happy to use this phn battery back up is gud android version is very gud and there is no hang problem I would love to use this phn aswm experience
More than expected. Completely different from all other Micromax mobiles as believed before placing order. The quality of this mobile is similar to top brands in market.
Hi , all customer this is very fantasy set so minimum cost and provide maximum feature and easily & faster use ....so I am very happy with canvas A1........lot of thanks
Considering all features with respect to the price ...the device is simply Ossom .......... Camera Quality is best also, But U cant make a video call from that
Really its fantastic phone except battery... Works well in both 2G and 3G... Gaming experience also really good... Work for money... Thanks Micromax, Google, & Amazon...
WOW factor missing!!!! signal reception and mic are also not good...actually the hardware quality is inferior to other smart phones like Motorola.. Go for MOTO
It is a very good device with refined technology and with a optimum price. What a performance of this device !!! No words to describe. Great job Android One ... !!!! :-)
Are yar very seexy naku ee phone lo bad annedi aadi ledu u can buy it without any doubt keka  this symbol is also pre loaded so it also fits ur budget blindlu go fr it
This is one of the best smart mobile, I had ever desired meeting almost requirements in low budget. Thanks to all technocrats and supporting team and google android one.
As a first time user of android , I feel superb, though i may not have used high end mobiles, but the apps in A1 are simply marvelous comparing to the cost of the phone.
I have purchased Micromax Canvas A1 Android one last week and it is quite good. My question is whether flip cover for the set is now available in the market?
i love this phone, this is one of the awesome product in this prize, the touch is smooth display is good and amazon delivery before time, this handset is worth for money
i got the nw canvas A1... today..and the phone is very nice..for a budget of 6.5k.......its very good product..but camera section dissapoints... all other things are (Y)
Nice product from the family of micromax.I also own Mmx unite 2, and i think that if you dont consider about battery(1700 mah)and screen size(4.5) just go for canvas a1.
Its one of the worst mobile i ever used. They claiming its 3G and 1 GB RAM but its deadly slow. Not able to view any videos in you tube and even not downloading videos on Whatsapp.. After downloading all updates for youtube, its still buffering. Without analysing this product i suggest my friend to buy this, its the biggest mistake i done. And also there is no Gallery and file manager on this phone to view photos and videos stored in SD or internal. Totally its waste of our time and money to buy this product. and not worth to give one star toooo.
Twice the phone got struckautomatically.First time changed the sim and second time given to your service centre for correction. Also battery not withstanding long time.
At time of adv I had read that os will auto update on next 2 year Lolipop has already lunched but there is no notofication or auto update found in this phone
Great phone for 6k price range. You don't feel like you are using a micromax phone. It is absolutely a google product. Looking for lollipop update. Camera is very good.
For this cell there was a offer for state bank debit card 10% off. IT supposed to credit within 30th november . But till now dint get credit. Can you please check that.
Its good but there is one major defect ie its battery is drained out heavily and don't get so you have to go to charge room very frequently in every two to three hours
awesome phone with great apps and great battery backup. possibly the best phone in 6.5k must grab it if u are planning to buy a phone in this price range.....
Internet browsing speed is too slow in this phone. Also i had to download the gallery & file manager apps which should be in-built on every phone. Phone hangs too much.
If you can ,buy asus zenfone 450 I bought this set because 1. Zenfone was not available 2. I couldn't afford nexus & by features this is poor man's nexus
Simple and handy smartfone with the power of google. Almost same as moto g but all apps are powered by google. Camera and sound qualities are acceptable for this price.
Awesome phone. Fluid performance. Battery backup could have been better but it lasts one day on moderate use. Camera is good and takes decent pictures in low light also
A good product and value for money. I was apprehensive about its getting hanged but not encountered such problems so far. I feel battery should have been more powerful.
Micromax had always been a bad choice but this time nice phone but again with bad camera but amazon India is really amazing fantastic service team good job done Google
waste of money.Product is good for nothing.
After 15 Days of usage, I feel the phone is really great.. The Touch is very responsive.. Multi tasking is very easy.. Apps laod very quickly.. Gaming experience is great and has no lag on high end gaming.. Battery Backup is good..The phone is connected to Wi-Fi 24 hours and if outside, its on Data Usage..and I even use dual sim.. GOOGLE CAMERA is the best and the "lense blur" and "Photosphere" effects and THE BEST..!! In short, a must have phone for low budget..!! I fully recomment this phone..!!
I got defective pice... I didnt gallery, in it... I hav to download it frm andrid market.. thats so bad.... abt the phone.. its a gud phone for that price range. ....
Nice phone with beautiful clarity. A vee bit heavy. Happy with it. I don't play games but occasionally my grandson plays and happy with this. Good piece in the range.
My first smartphone.. Pure android.. Mind it its very cool.Handy..Best budget smartphone under 7k (for me).camera quality is good..n quad core smashing.. Best of money
Im using it since 18 days, Its superb phone in this price segment. Front Camera is also good n back camera s average. Issue is the Battery drainage problem..
The phone is nice but when I put second sim in my phone there is no network in phone and then if we restart the phone then the networks come please solve this problem
Pros- good performance Good sound through speaker Good display Cons- poor audio through headphone Lasy only 6-8 hours battery lifetime
Could be better, esp keyboard, choosing your own ringtone of choice & that too diff for the 2 sims. Otherwise a pleasureable experience. And yes a better battery life.
The phone is a budget phone, but quality it provides is excellent, no lags, and good battery back up. The built quality is excellent, with a matte finished back, it gives you a feel of a premium phone. For the price at which this is available and the offers which were clubbed with it by Amazon, totally worth every penny. And as for the delivery one day...brilliant Amazon...
Wonderful phone performs all tasks well and the most important thing is the support given by google to these phones are really good. A worth full phone at that price.
This is the very good option for all. display, design, sound, all are good, gps is very fast. Good connectivity, u need to download galary. It can record 1080p videos.
Nice touch.. Only prob is that it is not accepting .apk file thru bluetooth... It could be done thru any other WiFi software.. Apart from it, best fone in dis range...
Superb value for money. Fast, good touch. Let's see how it stays with these stars and our expectations. Time will tell. This is my personal opinion. Do check yourself.
It met my expectation yet I'd be more happy if it dont take more than a week to deliver. It could be the distance but I'm sure it can be worked out, thankyou Amazon.in
It is a good phone.actually i like its performance....it give me no lag no matter how much applicatins are running in background...it gives pure anroid experience!!!!!
Its fantastic mobile. Satisfied with all the features. Both front and rear cameras awesome! Good browsing speed, highly responsive and smooth touch. Just Go for it !!!
Best phone in this price.....and pure android.. Also the touch is very good neither expected on this price And the best price after getting discount from sbi
One star is less just due to battery back-up. For this Android version and games etc, Battery size is less. If played games then battery gets empty in 1-2 hour itself.
I booked the phone on 17 September and received it on 20th.liked the phone except the camera. Very few functions. Also have not yet received any of my discount coupons
In the first go it looked a good buy at 4999. However the piece I got had problem connecting to wifi. It always showed connecting- obtaining IP address-Disconnecting.
I Purchased it on 3Nov14 posting review on 13Dec14. - Very good mobile in the range of 6k - 7k. - Good battery backup. - Good camera. - Latest OS.
Awesome phone - fast, smooth, fluid. Pure android experience. Good availability of covers. Quality is pretty decent for the price - probably the best in this category.
The Phone Is Like HTC One Is These Phone Features Are Very Very High Micromax Canvas A1 Is The Perfect Choice...Thanks Amazon For Your Product..I"ve Very Happy ..
Hi its amazing speed in apps and other but Some problem in BT apps received, and Most thing i can't get AIRTEL free data why ? Plz if u know anyone and me.thanks
Pure Android experience and even faster . In other words it's a younger brother to nexus . A must buy for those who want a great fast and responsive phone .
Micromax Android One A1 is good phone, But receiver voice is very less. Also 10% cash Back offer is not given to me so far. However features are good.
Overall this phone is ok but I m not able to find option for video calling using BSNL 3G network.in fact the option is not available in call options. Plz help me
Just awesomeee really value for money good looking nice experience while using the mobile tnx to micromax in assosiation with amazon for launching such a nice product
I liked the product. Battery was bit disappointing but I used DU battery Saver App and that did the magic. Buy it! you'll never be disappointed at the price you paid.
awesome phone at listed price tag.. super fast even if pplaying Fifa14 and opened lots of apps... no lag .. battery lasts for a day with data on
Great phone with good features at the right price. Few issues with Android 1 os but I presume they will be sorted out soon and updates for the same will be available
osssmmmmm ..........!!!!!!!!!!!!! android wd kikkat , enjoying it. bt camera is ok ok , not very impressive . bt itz is a hot deal. i would refer it.
Battery backup is very low.If we compare with other phones camera the photograph taken by this camera is not up to the mark like Nokia or Sony.Other features is good.
Ordered the s same on 16th and delivered on time !! The phone is premium .. All other devices i own are android too so absolutely easy to use. looks great.
Love you micromax, I really liked my phone, though I am not a gamer but before buying this phone I saw more than 10 videos of review and gaming review of this phone, it's really a great phone, every thing is superb, I can't say about others opinions but mine is that I really liked this phone , at last thank you micromax :) every thing is awesome, processing, performance display, if I would have to give marks I would have given 9/10 , 1 deducted for battery, battery backup is decent but not great , but it's a 6.5k deal not 30k or more , thank you
Good mobile in decent price. Camera clarity is decent. sound quality is good. Battery power(mAh) could have more. Hardware is good - seriously...
From the launching day to until now it's a awesome experience. It's totally upper my expectation . In every individual way it is just superb . my god how good it is.
http://www.ebay.in/itm/MICROMAX-CANVAS-A1-ANDROID-ONE-1-YEAR-MANUFACTURER-WARRANTY-/331403715109?_trksid=p2054897.l4275 For a lesser price i want a refund
I have received quit late then expected date of delivery and after contacting customer care, but mobile is best for its price band. Very satisfied with mobile phone.
Multiuser It's all right accordingly. it's multi user as our requirements but battery is charged for the short time. if it is flipcover available send the same.
Its a very good cell ever coming in budget ... Camera result is also good and its not getting hang ever like Samsung does ... Battery backup is average than Sony ...
The Mobile phone is good. However the user's guide provided with it is not detailed enough. Therefore it is difficult for new users to understand the android system.
I guess its best phone wid such reasonable price..only batry has little limitations,it would hav been best if btry would hv been of 2000mah but m quite happy wid it.
its good .... but the worst thing iz that audio files cannot be transfered 2 another device using bluetooth.......... if any body know about this ,..... plz say me.
I bought micromax canvas A1 few days . All feature are best . Gaming responce is best .because 1 gb ram provide ,kitkat 4.4.4 , quardcore prosser . I like it .
Battery should be +2000mAH.... Bcz its 4.4.4 and quad core processor)) draining very fast!!! Another issue is that' it doesn't shows the internet connectivity icon))
Awesome Mobile !!! Its more like Google Nexus Wifi,tethering hotspot..... I Love this Micromax U Rockzzz Be Indian-Buy Indian Products
Phone have some issues,never buy it online
its completely a worthless phone, with very low battery back up for less than 1 hour... its going hang in every 2/3 minutes and very poor facilities provided in it.
It was great initially. Later on however, it started hanging up. I had to reset it to factory settings. It then started to work again. Keeping my fingers crossed.
This is worth of money paid...my son is utilizing for games to its limit.I observe sometime it hangs for little time however overall it is good for the money spent.
This is one of the best low budget android device in market, awesome performance, everything is just best for and 6500 smartphone.. thnx sundar pichai for this
Phone can't read memory card. Very disappointed with the faulty product deliver when you end up paying the full price. Henceforth will not buy such products online.
It is amazing at this cost. Pros: Performance is fast. Excellent screen resolution. Con's: Camera is the only one comes under this section.
The phone is good and smooth but the 3G network is too low even I'm in outside it receives only 2bars please help to solve the problem google by giving any updates.
Ordered a1 with 1 day delievery and got iit in 17 hours...amazing amazon.... Phone is best in this price . . . . and it will get the L update... <3
Look n feel of the phone is awesome.....camera disappoints me lot..in fact front camera not working properly....will say its ok type of phone in this price tag.....
Battery performance is very poor and goes down sharply even with limited usage. can you kindly send replacement battery without charge. it is urgent. R.R.BAHL
Awesome phone. Camera quality is low in dim light. But where I can get it's cover, neither in the market nor in the internet.. Can anyone suggest me for the same...
Excellent device. Feeling satisfied for the money i spent. More than that ppl who purchased phones above 10k feel jealous about the features provided for this rate.
Good bt is give problems in first month and Micromax service centre take 2 complete months to rectify the problems. Now its ok...battery little bit below cap.
Good one except USB connectivity. Phone is not recognizing while connecting to computer via USB cable. Anyone else facing this issue or any option to rectify this?
i have purchased this product from amazon,now from very starting SD card is not supporting this device I don't understand how to get it repaired by micro max.
Over heating at charging, gaming and at the time of talking. Money waste to purchase this mobile. I am giving to this mobile Zero marks. Dont purchase this mobile.
sorry to say that function is just ok but battery backup is very bad, without using net backup is only 2 hours.so pls be careful before purchase.I am not satisfied
Although the manufacturing brand is Micromax, the Google's Android One has made sure it feels of having international build quality. I am happy with this purchase.
Product is very bad.. . Mobile is not working properly. Sim card slots nt detecting sim.. softwares are not working.. seller is not taking it back. MINUS FIVE
I faced problem in the first week itself. I can take calls only on speaker as I can't hear anything otherwise. Have asked Amazon to replace it, fingers crossed...
Works fine. Among the three Android One models, i found it to be the best, though specifications are same, the feel and response of the touchscreen seems superior.
Wow! It's good Android 4.4.4 KitKat but it does not support all S/W and applications and pairing with all Bluetooth devices. Its Battery back up is also very poor.
Nice so for. No immediate complaint because have been using product for 2 days only. Let me hope that product comes out well and delivers as per the expectation.
Best ever phone in less price, complete satisfaction in terms of look, calls, H/W, S/W, picture quality & sound! A must buy if you want to have a smartphone!!
Its a good phone in low cost consist all features that I would like to want.but there is problem that it begins to heat up in long use and not good battery back up
A really very nice phone with the latest version of android ANDROID 1. The best phone at this price, light weight, easy to handle and THE BEST phone at this price.
great product by google & micromax in regionable price category.camera,processor ok, but screen qulity is low andcost is high compare with other android one phones
Every thing is good except battery, 1700mh is not enough, the phone would be more better if it had 2GB RAM, hope the desired changes will be seen in next versions.
UI of the phone is very good. Touch is also very responsive and no lag. But the phone is having heat up problem it may be due to processor. Also battery life is Ok
Has everything going, only problems I saw was screen is not very smooth, camera quality is rather poor but for the price point it is certainly good value for money
Unexpected performance in this price range. Absolutely no complain at all. Although there were no inbuilt File manager & gallary but downloaded it. I m loving it !
Believe me guys , everything is good. Except battery. OS update perfect, screen perfect. I like this phone, using since 7 months. Plz do something for its battery
The best phone at this price. Its the best android one phone with stock android. Please do not go for spice or karbonn android one. Canvas a1 is better than them.
Micromax Canvas A1 with Android One, very nice product from Micromax & Android. Nice look, with 1GB ram working smoothly overall best product in this price range.
This is the most user friendly Android phone I've used. The hardware is in total sync with the software. Battery life is extremely good. Absolute value for money.
Best and chepeast for me.i am buying this mobile Again and again .i like that product ..amazing mobile and its lowest price only available on amazon.thanks Amazon
The built and Look is impressive, Although Camera could be much better not even upto micromax standards, with the software it kinda a has wifi glitches.
This is very good instrument in compitebl price, it is very easy in use and it possible by Google's applications. I give 4star rating. Thanks micromax and Google.
this handset was amazing for this lower price. android updates upto 2years. camera was good and front camera also. but when am using internet handset was heating.
good build quality. the display is sharp and there is no lag at all.. battery life is good.. pure android experience which makes the phone very snappy..
very nice considering the cost involved, however, placement of camera and and their distinct round mark in silver color didn't like...there should be uniformity..
If u use an android device it has to be a stock android .and getting it at this price and at this specs its fantabulous. Hats off to sundar pichai...:)
I am happy but unable to video call with 3g The option for video call is not in contact. Net call using Viber and Skype are possible. Camera is average.
Mobile is getting too heat. If micromax dont notice this once who bought this company wont prefer to take again micromax. and battery life time should increase.
Pros: - Amazingly fast. Easy to navigate between apps. Internet browsing is superb on 3G/ WiFi Android one interface gives a Nexus user experience. Never got hung & no restart nonsense Cons: - Battery consumption on GPS/ WiFi is quick. You have to plug phone into car charger while using GPS to retain/ enhance battery charge. Primary camera quality isn't that good & loudspeaker isn't that loud. Verdict: The overall user experience & features of phone is worth the money paid.
Never make a mistake of buying this phone
Why it take 9 days to deliver......??????
Very nice. Operating system is very cute.
Very poor battery back up. It needs to on charging mode every 2 hrs. I would definitely want to replace a battery if there ia a option from the company
Can perform same as high end devices (I personally have high end device so i can compare n say it clearly)... Bought for my father , His first android phone ....
its very nice. smooth handling . battery backup also good. basic feathers good. camera clarity not good. sometime Bluetooth not working properly .
I am using this phone form 2 months and everything is working very smoothly. Camera, music, processing performance are very good. Overall paisa wasul phone h....
Great Phone You cant Get so much Features at such a cost Definitely MIcromax has Changed the World of Cell Phones. A Great Deal to Have it at such a great price.
Awesome phone with all features and fast performance at a very reasonable price. And importantly all google updates for 2 years. Its fantastic.......worth it!!!!
Phone is good for the 1st timers who are willing to buy an android set. Its android one you can update the android version any time. Bt the battery is very poor.
very cost effective.But 10 per cent discount as the payment was by way of SBI CARD is not given to me . Kindly inform me the way to get that 10 per cent back.
At this price it is a good mobile.As it is couriered by Gati 'difficult to get the item in right time.Otherwise services are good. Keep smiling with this mobile.
Given 5 stars because of following points: 1. Stock Android - So no lag issues 2. Guaranteed update for next 2 years 3. Price is pretty affordable
It is worth for 6499 only. Its touch is smooth. Working Excellent till date. it has trash thats one of the best quality, so we can recover deleted items in case.
MOBILE WITH EXCELLENT FEATURES, SPECIFICATIONS BESIDES ITS PRICE. AND AMAZING AND FAST DELIVERY BY AMAZON. REALLY A GOOD EXPERIENCE OF ONLINE SHOPPING.
excellent purchase in the price range, lightweight. The mobile cover and screen guard for this model should also be made available in the market or with amazon.
I wanted Color option but got Black color one as default. Ideally their should have been color choosing option as well. thou product found immediately next day.
The product delivery was excellent by amazon. Micromax canvas a1 meets my requirements. One thing that was lacking was absence of file manager in preloaded apps.
Worst experience with this product. 1. Wifi is not working. It is disconnecting after few minutes. 2. When trying to install any app from play store give an error " Unfortunately the process android process acore has stopped. Hence not able to install any new app. I would like to request "Amazon" that if you are really working on customer reviews then suggest how to resolve these above issue. We are expecting Amazon should deliver a quality product...which is not happened in my case.
I received the shipment after two days of said date. Also the provided handset is unable to download the apps from google play store.
Delivery of the product was excellent, thanks to Amazon, but the performance of the product is not up to the mark. I do not suggest to anyone to buy this phone.
Its one the best phone !! You Should definitely go for it. There are no lags at all and it will also get the android L update. Very Smooth and Superb phone!!!!
Battery pack up is not as other Micromax sets are We have to go to Internet Settings via a long path There are no such extra accessories for this set.
Great looks and easy to use.The feature of multi lingual keyboard is really superb.I am a Google phone user and found it similar in operation with the KitKat os
The phone is too good. I got the product delivered in just two days... Also, the facility to pay with card at the time of delivery was also helpful.... Kudos...
It's an excellent mobile for the price paid. The best part is free update of Android version which makes the phone latest at any given time. Everything is good.
Yes I am satisfied with the performance of this phone and I am thankful to amazon also to available this phone at this reasonable price for the public at large.
its touch is not working properly when playing video on youtube, a lot of issue on downloading app from play store, always error 489.or sometimes somthing else.
i dont like this phne as one android is update,apart from android every thing in this phone is worthless it could be camera,clarity,battery or look if the phone
Cant ask for more at this price range. UI is extremely snappy and the phone is built very well. HD games perform very well, Camera is decent, good call quality.
its a very nice phone in low price and with a excellent in work and very fast with beautiful look and 5 mp camera with 4.4.4 android kit kat its wonderful phone
The product is superb....i recently heard about heating problem of redmi and compared with moto e. But this product is superb in performance and in wifi usage. no heating problem at all...you will no get a secondary camera in moto e and micromax screen size is bit larger than motoe. Also there is a green led blinking which is hidden inside. so any message it will blink, a good feature. value for money. Good work micromax and amazon. Amazon Delivered the product before schedule. Hope will get a good service too....
Bought it 5-6 days ago. Timely delivered. Looks & operates smooth (at least till today). seriously, a good deal @ 4999/-. Got 8GB mem card & screen guard free.
Best Phone in budget price. Works properly and no lag. Just disappointed by the updates given by google. It is the end of January and still no lollipop update.
Just perfect. Very good in size to carry and work. Very responsive screen though the battery life could have been better. Good value for money money.
that is not a user friendly. Phone haven't gallery,filemanager all apps download sepratly. Main problem apps not send via bluetooth.some times net not working.
Fully loaded , with smooth flow work n camera quality lil bit improved as last mobile , only dissapoint me that , internal memory only for apps n not for media
very good phone. ram initially about 600mb free. fast processor. good camera. good hardware. But till now not received any os update.
This Smart phone is really good. Most important thing is that price is not so high in comparison to other handset. Battery back up,camera,ram etc all are good.
Amazon has promised me to give 10% Cash back on my HDFC Credit Card, but its been a month now and I haven't got any cash back. Please have a look on this.
The Performance of the Phone is more than expected for the price it comes. One month passed now, I have not faced any problem so far. Its good,
Awesome phone. using it for 2 weeks. 4 days delivery. Awesome phone with good processing power and screen. Nice software. Only con I see is the battery backup.
No one can get this type of quality & facilitated phone at this type of low price... thank you micromax for giving us such a great phone at this price level...
It's very nice ph n very easy to use.., jitna socha tha use kai jayda bhetar hai I love it..., bas iska flipcover aur screen gurad mil jaye to mazaa aajaye....
The device is getting heated if multiple applications are started at the same time. For normal use it is fine. Also the battery won't be standing for long time
Really a good phone in this price range,
Good touch feel. Battery backup is good.
I bought on 10 Oct 2014, Today 27 April 2015, Mobile screen got blur without anything, After restart also it is not appearing as expected. Please advise.
Good mobile .I am using this device for past month .it is a pretty good device with good features according to the price.But this battery is not efficient one
Nice but not strong enough to absorb the shock of falling down. I purchased the mobile and 2nd day it fell down from my hand , the screen cracked immediately.
Absolutely brilliant. I really liked it. I am already using MotoE and I purchased it for my wife. Its software is nothing less than MotoE. No hanging problem.
This one is amazing!!! I was confused to go with with Samsung or this, but the this phone beat my expectations. But I'm not fully satisfied with Battery life.
Aisa mobile or kisi bhi company ka nahi bana or nahi iska duplicate bana sakte. I love Micromax Canvas A1 with Android One is the best........................
The Micro max Canvas A1 with Android One (Magnetic Black),which I purchased and using is quite satisfacctory,and till date no complaints and in good condition
The Best phone in this prise list. There no issues with this phone. I will suggest this phone to all those person, who wants full "paisa wasool".
This phone is connect with computer or laptop USB connect not thetering. How i transfer data or video or photos from mobile to laptop. Please solve my problem
we are expecting multi window mobiles from micro max waiting to purchase, samsung and panasonic launched so why not micromax to launch. To increase sales more
This is an excellent phone in that range..Camera,Apps everything is fine.No crashes..sound quality is also equally good..Even the battery backup is also good.
Its a brilliant phone for the price offered. Build quality is okay but the main USP of this phone is the hardware and the smooth & seamless android experience
Good product in this price range.display sometimes misbehaves.there is a little lag when playing some games.battery lasts for almost 20 hrs with medium usage.
There's nothing much to write; but overall, the experience of the smartphone is awesome. In 6K the phone gives you a lot of joy and sweetness, of KITKAT!
I braught dis phone as soon as it is launched.Amazing delivery.Amazing phone.Android runs smooth as moto g2nd generation.Battery good.camera with flash ,good.
Main Cons of this phone. 1) No file manager app. 2) Save the contacts in phone. 3)1700 mah battery gets drained in 12 hrs of normal usage. 4) Back cover gets dirty. 5)Temperature of battery increases to 55°C sometimes. 6) Bluetooth doesnt work properly. 7)Takes too much data to backup photos & videos to google drive. 8)OTG not supported. Advantages 1)Internal memory is 2.27 GB and all is for app installation. 2)First Micromax to get face unlock. 3)Camera features are too good in this price.
I bought the product on 27th sep and was delivered to me on 28th sep within 24hrs of ordering. Thanks to Amazon for the speedy service. But after getting i was so happy, but since past 6 days i am facing some problem on the device, while charging, the phone gets so hot "that its hotter than the sun". after removing from charge it throws error, Insert SIM CARD. Is there any way to replace this phone and get a fresh one. It will be of great help. Or let me know whom to approach for.
Amazing product in this price. I m very satisfied with this product. Good speed n good bettory backup. Also thanks to amazone that they provide good service.
Best smartphone under 7000, I love it but when I play games sometimes it said " XYZ is unfortunately stopped working " besides this all is great
product for my friend. He is proud to be the owner of it. No cons yet. Best product in that price range. recommended to a friend and order placed for new one
Superb phone at the given price. Gives u a feeling of using the nexus phone as the entire display is the same. Feel a bit heavy to carry but value for money.
Its average mobile. Use net continuous 2 hours batrrey get discharge completely. I think u.have put another 3000 thousand get better Mobile phone than this.
Good phone. speed is v.g., look is v.g. performance is v.g. display is v.g. Bluetooth is not working while file transfer. File explorer is missing.
Its very good in features and a very good phone in its segment. Battery doesn't stand too long and sound output is a bit low. Rest of the phone is very good.
one of the best and budget phone which is fully loaded with style, speed, music, latest OS etc. One must buy this product to feel the satisfaction of product
good phone in class range. fuly satisfied.except 1 thing, the it has low network coverage. with the same sim used in another phone have better network..
This is the review after using the phone after 6 Month. This is the best phone at this price. Don't think about the product, get it. It's worth paying.
Love you Micromax. Simply super. Camera. Battery last for 2 days for voice call usage. Don't think too much. This is the best android phone. Go and grab it.
Its a very good phone in just 5499. good sound its having for listening music, camera is good its touch is also good, only its battery gets over very soon.
Its battery drains out heavily.If you are surfing on 2g network you'll hardly get 3-4 hours of power.you have to reach your power socket every now and then.
All features are good except one thing that we couldn't set our own mp3 songs as ringtones. But all features are perfect at this price. Worth for this price
I just love the phone..it is better than what I had thought about it..I would suggest a1 without any doubt if they are looking good phone at a decent price!
Android one phone is now getting very slow within a Month and any mp3 song can not download. I also contact micromax customer care but there is no response.
I bought this for my friend.Had some dought about the product quality but it was awesome. Very good body design and everythng good.i love that product.
This phone has the latest Android OS 4.4 which is the only plus point. Camera is good in day light. The major problem is battery drains within 5 to 6 hours.
got this phone 3 days before. excellent phone by Micromax. I almost tried all the HD videos including .Mkv movies all are working very smoothly.
good phone i must say......i have been using this for the last three weeks.. the only thing worries me is that its screen and panel is prone to scratches...
Worst experience blutooth and WiFi not working properly,battery getting low. Pls send mail how to replase new mobile for it.mail I'd. gsankargowdu@gmail.com
there not showing file manager where to see not in menu where are all the application and also not showing any gallery plz help me to see this both things
Using it from the date of release..A good phone at this price... Love the UI..battery backup is arnd 1.5 days for normal usage... A must buy budget phone...
This seems a good phone. But its display disappointed me. No bright colors at all. Resolution is fair. Overall a good buy for the one who is new to android.
Phone ek dam mast he paisa vasul ek haptese chalarahahun basss ek problem he phone hit garam bahut jaldi hota he 10 minutes me 37c tak hota he:(((
Want to know about wifi hotspot facility. This phone has a wifi hotspot or not because I use net on wifi tethering. Help me out yesterday I had ordered one.
AMAZON.IN Micromax canvas A1 With Android One phone is excellent support Google product and internet is speed ..And Good.. Mobile Outlook is Good Look.
its is like a small dynamo can bet big smartphone i think every one in < rs 6000 should prefer this android one it is deciponting that it get system update later then moto g and e
Great phone. Has great attributes, specifications, performance. Completely go for i . Won't disappoint you unless it's a defective piece Classic phone
Gifted this to a person who never had an email... the mobile is working great and the person is now tech savvy registering domain names and selling online!
For INR 6000 this phone is superb.. can not expect anything better.. believe its better than xiaomi's redm too. very good initiative by google and micromax
That a good one.... Even though the camera quality is not appreciable its a nice try in this price range... Performance is well good in all aspect....
This thing is amazing, no of apps choices very needy,but I felt the battery capacity low when browsing the battery consumption more,so try to rectified it.
Not found to expectations. Manual change over required while roaming from circle area. Battery is weak.not indicating for 3G services near the range icon.
device is been over heating and i do face the speaker isuue, and finally itz a wrost mobile from amazon can i replace it with any other mobile plzz help me
So far seamlessly working. Is backed by the power of Android. Havent had any hassles so far. Would have loved if it came with a nice protective pouch case.
This is an awesome device. Excellent working in the affordable price but flip cover is not available yet overall very good device. Thanks amazon µmax.
Phone is good, the battery drains unusually fast. They should have improvised on the battery. At times the responsiveness from the phone is not that great.
Phone is good enough considering the cost. But, security features like pattern lock stopped working and screen enlarged by itself, couldn't figure out how?
Really I love it......Wonder full finally i got an smart phone !!!!!! amazon service is really excellent ......i like to purchase a lot.......:)
I have been using this phone for six months. Yesterday I received 5.1 OTA update after resetting the phone to factory settings. Here I would be listing its pros and cons. Pros:- 1. Excellent responsive stock android UI. 2. Gets regular updates( I got 5.1 yesterday). 3. Very few lags. 4. Good Multitasking. 5.Good sound quality. 6.Butter smooth touch and a very rich stock android experience. 7. Satisfying build quality. Cons:- 1. Average Camera. 2. Poor viewing angles. 3. Heats up like hell when it is used for gaming. 4. Poor Battery backup. Final verdict:- Grab this beast if you want to use smartphone for basic applications like Whatsapp, Gmail, Maps etc. But this phone is not for hardcore gamers or high end camera users.
Better than other android phone in this range,1gb ram, and kitkat support better to play many apps,and google official update also time to time available..
The delivery was really fast. The phone is great at very affordable prices. Only downside is the battery is short lasting. Should have been minimum 2200Mah
its a very fast phone in very less rate
Gave advice to dad for getting one as the hardware is being supported by Google. I felt compared to Spice or Karbonn, Micromax was more dependable and they did live up to my expectation. The screen size is really good and useful for large fonts. My dad has started installing apps and playing games now and there is no lag as of now. If handled with care which elderly persons might definitely do, this mobile is a boon for customers trying to switch to smartphones. Age of user : 51
Phone gets over heated and battery backup is quite low.. Often you have to charge the phone twice in a day. While charging it gets over heated like oven.
It's not that you can find such value for money products. This surely belong to that category. Been using it for past seven months. Absolutely no regrets.
This phone is having signal problem, it drops signal.It looks is more of cheap plastic back cover.Moto E and Redmi1 are much better in this price bracket.
for the budget the phone is of good qualaty. but festive season is bad time to purchase leading to late delivery and required follow up with customer care
Excellent mobile at this low price below 6k with all required features... Most useful device for those who are shifting from a regular mobile to android..
This cell is a value for money product I recommend you if you want a good cellphone in low price with latest technology this is the perfect choice for you
SOUND QUALITY OF PHONE IS NOT SO GOOD DURING CALLING, MOST OF THE TIME I HAVE TO ON SPEAKERS OF USE THE HEADPHONE THAN I AM ABLE TO LISTEN TO THE CALLER
Phone have some problem with battery. its not working as per spec given in Micrormax or amazon web. i also faced some other issue which i will post soon.
Phone is awesome and fulfills all the requirements of a smart phone. But still I have not got the Cash back and discount coupons as offered by the Amazon.
Overall product is great, can't expect this quality in such a valuable price range. I am happy to buy this product. Camera quality is decent even in dark.
Network reception is not good. Getting 2g speed where I used to get 3g speed before with Samsung, can't even download apps over WiFi !! Camera is average.
Excellent product. Buyers of this item must check the magic hidden in using camera. True value for less money. Lot better than Stupid Samsung & Bloat HTC
I liked the phone...Only concerns is they wasted much on the screen.There is lot of gap between screen and the frame.Other wise its worth with price tag.
Awesome Phone with awesome spec at awesome price.... hard times for big brands.. Must/Only buy for people who r looking for phone less than 20k
I'd like to call it as nexus mini. It's pretty decent product in this price bracket. Go for it if you want to experience pure android at this price..! :)
This is the best mobile i had ever used and that too in this price range just waiting if google keeps its promise of immediate updates..ie to lollypop ..
I purchased it when the offer of Amazon was going on. This is my first smart phone but the experience is very good. Its looks is also slim and beautiful.
Excellent phone at this price I HV downloaded almost all d applications n all r working nice. Battery back up also OK, Amazon service also good
it is a very very good phone for first time user of android phones. its feature, looks, performance, battery life is good. thanks to google and micromax.
I should say its a very good phone. Though I feel that the speakers are not good. Performance wise its a very good phone. The screen size is appropriate.
Awesome. User experience. No phone in this range can such a good user experience . It's like using a phone of price around ₹10000 Awesome looks also
display is good, havent experienced any lag till now. only drawback is with the speaker. the sound and ringtone is too low even with max volume set.
Very nice phone, dirt cheap,no complaints,being a nokia loyalist all this while,was hesitant to go for this phone, I am glad that I opted for this phone.
I would give 5 star rating for this mobile have these many feature at this price... Good display good battery backup... Touch is little less sensitive...
Its a good product. Look and feel is good but I feel the camera should have been made a vanilla one rather than a metallic circle. Kitkat is doing great.
Worth for the price , Good quality camera , in built memory is low, apps run very well... No lag . support by Google makes the phone absolutely worth it.
Nice phone. Great thing that Google has collaborated with Micromax, and Amazon is fulfilling the delivery. Quick delivery guaranteed. Seamless phone use.
Very good phone.I have received lollipop version of android after 1 month of receiving the product.Thank u Amazon for your amazing deal in this product.
This phone is just wow!! It is so much compatible with other phones like moto g Samsung Galaxy 2 .....and others ...its the best phone in this price ..
Excellent phone features and battery is good. phone storage for apps is 1.5Gb and ram is good performance, fast phone. camera quality is good.
This phone didn't update to android 5.0 lollipop after much effort, there's no information regarding this even on the internet. How do I get it updated.
Good. Battery drains a bit faster.(but then that is a common issue with a smart phone). Casing quality is good.A good phone for what it is priced.
When compared to the other phones at this cost having the same features , This Andriod One is simply super , Iam well satisfied with this phone.........
sir what about my offer. and i am can't get no offer in this product. u say 2000 gift voucher and more but no one i am get this what about answer me pls
I hate micromax. Phone started heating in just a span of 5 days. We could also see stripes on the screen of the phone.So, decided to return the product.
I got this phone today. Its working well till now one thing m missing in this phone is file manager or my files. What can I do now plz someone help. Plz
Its a great mobile with light weight with all the features that New MotoE has. I gifted it to my hubby last week. Its nice and great mobile he liked it.
It is a very good , handy, all the latest features are there. Better than many smart phone in the market. Affordable price, good front and rear cameras.
Got phone today......First up all thanks to Amazon for giving promising delivery with good safe package .This phone with price 6.5k good. Simply super.
It is really unbelievable product micromax ever produce within 6.5k.It works fast and smooth without lagging. It is moto e killer.Don't wait for red mi.
the devices is awesome when comes to touch, interface, robustness, and build quality... but the camera is not so good.. but just ok at this price range.
cant get a better phone at this price.
So fast delivery by amazon.Nice mobile
In kitkat it was working properly but a moment I have updated it with lollipop it couldn't load apps it shows 'unfortunately **** app have been stopped
I am writing this review after 6 month, and its still the best phone in the market on this price range, I purchased this when launched, fully satisfied
This phone is very fast movement is touch. Good yet opening any app. Good battery backup. Best price comparatively with other phones with same features
Working ok. It still needs a cover to protect it. It would be better if seller completes or offers relevant accessories like SD card and scratch guard.
Its a great phone for the given price, its a steal, best buy for a novice and average user, plus you are promised updates for the OS right from google,
i like this phone for its reasonable price .its battery back up is not good. sometime it hangs, screen touch not responding... amazon service is good..
I am happy with the product. Android One is better than Android. Thanks to Amazon, for delivering the product so nicely packed. Happy with the service.
All good except its camera experience is not so good but in all its an amazing product launched by name android one. i like it under this amount 6499/=
The micromax canvas A1 performance is outstanding and am more than satisfied with the performance. the piece is also priced very low for it's features.
1 st time I'm using android mobile my first experience is so good many features are there to use micromax canvas 1 android one is my 1st android mobile
I am very happy with the price 'Micromax Canvas A1 with Android One' comes. Compared to Smasung-S3 camera clarity is not so great but still manageable.
This phone is vry good in this price range n has a tag of google on it. 2 things which needs to be improve batry persentage and internet indicater
The phone is good for it's price point. Amazon's delivery was awesome too, but Airtel data offer is a headache. Anyway it's a good buy for this season.
Hi all, Brought this mobile from amazon.in for Rs.6499 GOODs:- * Design * Camera * OS (Android Kitkat 4.4.4) * Auto updates for 2 years from Google ( But only 100MB per month :( data to update ) BADs:- * Doesnt have internal file manager. * this phone doesnt have both 2G/3G option :( you can select either 2G or 3G at a time. no Auto-selection. * Network looks lagging. show only 3 poitns of network
Only problem with this phone is battery backup, get discharged within 3-4 hrs during surfing net.simply its tell that u have to but it or not.thank u.
Battery backup is damn poor. It takes 3-4 hrs to recharge fully and drains out in 6-7 hrs. Other features are absolutely fine but battery is not good.
The Android one in range of this price is awesome but battery not much good instead of mob. Plz tell me when lollipop get upgrade on this phones.
Good phone with good features. Only problem with the phone is that it starts heating very fast as soon as you use a high ram consuming app.
Every thing in this phone best, only battery of 1700mAh is its drawback. Touch, processing, features, etc are fine. One main advantage is userfriendly
the canvas A1 is a fantastic device. Amazon was prompt in it's delivery and the phone usage has been quite nice since the purchase.. Thumbs up amazon.
good value for money and a nice screen and video quality. camera could have been better but its just asking too much from a phone that costs under 7k.
Nice mobile and features but as every android mobile have battery problem that is low battery life it has also.overall good design and functioning....
My experience with dis ph is awesome. Touch is very good.. I can play games without any problem. But a thing is its take too much time to charge.
phone is good but charger pin is very tight when charged it comes out difficult but any how they refund me RS 400 for another charger Thanks to Amazon coupun vouchers are useless as the product price are higher so after copun applied the price is till high
Good phone,classy look& must buy....It's been a month m using this phone,I haven't encountered a single problem,but camera is not as good as expected.
Hello everyone as used A1 in one month it's good in battery backup camera, shape and feature at this price I happy with this . Amazon also good.....
realy is very nice phone..stylish look..every thing ok but when i connect 3g network goes last point i cant able to download app..pls give me sugesion
Very good phone in all respect... Very high benchmark rating... My device scored 19000 rating points .. Go for it... Valueof money
Excellent phone but cannot set ring tone of our choice that is we can't put the songs in micro sd card so that we can't put the ringtone of our choice
Gifted this to my wife... but completely disappointed... Delivery by Amazon.com was good no doubt... Second day of my purchase the speakers stopped working ..... somehow switched off and switched on removed the battery and up it back ... it again started working .. From 7th camera is not working ..... now waiting for the service center to open to get it repaired... very bad experience.... never in my life will buy micromax......
The phone I received was a defective one. There was a sound problem, battery problem. However, I got the refund for the defective product.
really good phone....touch sensitivity i awesome....... I have got one problem my LED notification light is not working from the very first day
Some heating problem on this mobile (Sim card or memory card position) Battery on screen on 3.5 to 4 hrs notgood but overall good on this price.
mobile is of good quality,touch is awsm...but d only problem is of battery which drain fast other wise its d best mobile in 6000 rs segment..go fr it
it's a amazinging phone. working smoothly when u go from one screen to other...no lags found ! camera is wonderful . I like it's Google Camera .
Hi except wi-fi problem phone is ok and battery is also one day Every time while starting wi-fi phone hanging, then we need to switch off and on
I am using since one month Battarry back up is very bad..... And volume button is not supporting for sum of applications like FM audio please etc....
Great phone worth every penny spend. Thanks amazon for excellent service of delivery and micromax for launching a good phone at such a modest cost.
The Android One initiative combined with Micromax's reputation and expertise has created a remarkable device which is truly a delight to use and own.
This one is really a nice phone within this budget. The battery is also good from normal use & whole day net surfing. But i dont play games normally.
Great product.... But i have a problem in camara if i touch the screen there is a sound on camara what i do now.if anyone has this problem?
Best phone Micromax has rolled out so far.Absolute value for money.The battery life could have been better but at this price we are not complaining.
I would buy it even if it was priced Rs.10000.low price but high quality.Only battery backup is not good.But this is an Eexceptional smart phone
Satisfied with phone ! The only thing that i dont like was the white colour version of the phone !! The copper coloured metal on back look cheap
The best mobile for that price. Awesome Face Detection Lock n Google opens with voice "Ok Google" even when not connected with internet.
got micromax a1 a few days back .. it came with a defective usb chord .. when i raised query with amazon i got a response saying they will replace entire phone instead of replacing only the chord!!! as my current ph has broken dwn and i got this ph after a long wait i do not wish to return ph back .. amazon/ cloudtail should facilitate such replacement of only the defective item.. as it is it is highly unusual that a new is ph coming with a defective data chord
Excellent phone, feels charismatic to hold it and touch works like butter smooth, Google has just launched a revolution in smart phones series, this ought to be the game changer in market price wise and product wise, it's Google promoting and will be huge success with Google you can feel this product is how much different than other micro max phones, heads off to Google, amazon for bringing this for masses, next thing after internet... Is gonna be android one
nice phone....no lags in performance.
Good mobile for a light users. For heavy use some lags are observed. Battery should be little bit bigger. At least it should stand a full day in 3G.
Overall performance is Good and lollipop update is also available but in some manufacturing fault's are there but got it corrected by customer care
using it from past 6 months.....still giving a flawless performance... best thing about the phone is the unadultarated version of vanilla android...
Now around 3-4 months when i bought this phone.I totally love this phone. This phone is amazing no lag what so ever i faced with this phone till now
I love this phone although I wish their were more case options like otter box n such. More ram would be nice as well. But for the cost is fantastic.
It is an awesome set for this price group. However battery backup is low. I am planning to get a power bank so that I can enjoy without any problem.
Micromax Canvas A1 with Android One (Serene White) is Good Phone and very low budget for me Thank you Amazon, Your Kind Co-operation in future also.
USB tethering not working. When I approached micromax service center, they told that this feature is locked in this model. Then no use of buying it.
Device provided by spice has a bigger screen. Charger head is obstructive. It is my first smartphone. I am impressed except for remarks given above.
Very good, just battery life need to be improve. And hey most important, it does not have Video calling facility inbuilt only by net video calling.
Phone is just amazing. Like the features very much. Battery back up is somewhat issue but its fine can work one day. and happy with Amazon delivery.
Wonderful phone from Google through micromax. Thanks for providing such an amazing product for those who can't afford Nexus devices. Just go for it.
Really a nice product in this price Range Micromax Proved that It is the best in the market. I like This Phone. IT includes everythng which we Want.
Complete plastic hence quite delicate. Good screen, speed, camera, music output. Only differentiator with other mobile in this range is Android One.
Initial outlook is good. Lot of packed goods for the price.Have to see the battery lasting power and hope that all the promises made are fullfilled.
A very good Android phone considering the budget. One thing for sure is that now Smartphones have become affordable .... great job done by Micromax.
Just good bcuz if I m using WiFi and it disconnected then i want to connect it one thing I have to do it is I have to switch off and switch on it
Even though advertised in news paper for 10% cash back for purchase of phone it is only betrayal during purchasing the phone.Pl advertise honestly.
For such price. This is the best. Friends who saw it were jealous to see me having highly equipped KitKat 4.4.4 in very low price. That too stylish.
The performance of the product is excellent and user friendly which is comparable with Google phone which is 6 times more expensive. its a must buy.
The product quality is excellent. Haven't seen such a nice Micromax mobile. It's real value for money. The smartphone works like a spree. Loving it. Very fast delivery by india post for first time. I'm using note 3 neo and it disconnects frequently from wifi, this phone got excellent connectivity. The touch screen is excellent, screen clarity is bit less but ok for this price and for 1700mah battery would drain otherwise. Waiting for android L update.
Best phone ever....Go for it....And in the lollipop update the whole phone is chnged and performance is very incresed also bettery backup increased
I buy it for 1st time from amazon but the cell phone is very nice, it touch is very smooth, even the camera clarity is too good ..i rate for 5 star
Great value for money. I am an Apple enthusiast, but this was the first Android phone I bought... For 5K, I think it is worth every penny of it...,
Very Nice phone with Given Price tag .. Only One problem of phone is that it have less battery life other wise best device in such price range
Great budget phone. Good performance. Only dtaw back is you can't use camera without a men card and you works at 480p max.. But solid phone overall
Valuable phone as per the price range only minus point is its internal storage but it can also be solved with external storage. Quality piece.
This phone is awesome. Absolutely lag free experience. Played heavy games and it did fine. Performance is beyond expectations for this price range.
very nice camera....oveall very good.... best phone in this price no ovetheating even you are playing asphalt or morton combat over long hours.....
Only one word" Excellent" yes excellent phone for this price. With some excellent features. I saw it available below 6.5k from other sites
best phone under 7k you are getting, it gives good competition to moto g and g2 except rear camera and display,but front cam is up to the mark.....
Gr8 fon @ this price. After using for 20 days found only one problem ehen i connect foe with my laptop it only start charging nothing else happen..
Received the phone before expected time...great work amazon! Overall the phone is great with vanilla android experience...no regrets buying it
Good Product Overall..........Excellent after Sales Support by Amazon..........Amazon Android One Costumer Support time is Appreciable.............
Terrific Phone. Its a new headturner. I am fully satisfied. No hanging, 1 GB RAM working well. Camera is satisfactory. Its a bargain for its price.
Awesome device, perform well, pretty design and quite slim decent look, battery lasts well over a day, front camera is just ok at this price range.
Wonderful phone. Royal looks, decently sized screen, good speed and efficient battery. Back cover is not available anywhere and that's a challenge.
Good phone..Good specs....Budget Phone with high end specs...using since 10 days no problems reported till now expect play store error but resolved
I usually play high end games. And this phone supports all games like asphalt 8, dead trigger 2,real racing 3 etc. The Best part is that the games can be moved into sd card. So No problem Of internal memory. The only lag I found was the battery on continuous play it drains faster but again standby awsm...... Camera again at this price range the camera quality is best.. One thing I found there is no auto mode for selection of 3g mode or 2g mode...
Good phone in good price range u can try if your buget is low or approx 5k Good phone even aftee buy i upgrade to lolipop and running amazing
Awesome Phone at awesome price. Blindly go for it. But dont update to lollipop. The phone is experiencing many issues post that. So aviod updating
This is really good product and it's giving excellent performance with os version Lollipop 5.1. I'm very happy with Micromax Canvas A1.
Good phone. You won't miss any Android update. No phone memory available for user. You can't store photos, videos, etc. in phone memory.
I am using this phone from 4 months now and it works fine, everything is good and its absolutely a good worth for money. Very much satisfied.
good camera,fast,upgradeble to lollipop, till now no problem on fastness but low battery power which is not more than 3days.........uses less data
Amazon Delivery is awesome. Phone is good but quality of phone is average. Body of phone is very low quality . Performance is good.
A1 is awsome one but if it's on black then it will more good and till now we didn't got the update for andriod lolipop that's a sad thing till now
Yes, its a great phone at this price, I have Samsung Galaxy but I like this phone... If u want to buy it , then just buy it....its a nice phone...
VERY GOOD ANDROID MOBILE, I LIKE THIS PRODUCT. MOST RECOMMENDED TO BASIC ANDROID USERS. WORTH OF OUR MONEY. THANK YOU AMAZON INDIA.
Very nice phone considering the price. good performance. display is nice. plus it will get Android Lollipop. what more could you expect.
Today only i received me A1 micromax, operation wise the phono is good . ifound one dwar back that the phone has no gallery folder in its menu bar
Product is genuine as says...with sealed. Excellent packed thanks to amazon. It will get latest android updates for 2 year...that is amazing part.
Very cool. Unbelievable performance for the cost of the hand set. No need to go for costly phones, when you have all you need from a mobile phone.
Its been 1 week using the Desi Nexus!!, superb mobile if you are going to buy first smartphone and will sure amazed. Just grab it don't think.....
Received good phone we insert 2 mini sim but when filed any number to call phony not ask which number u use like sim 1 or sim 2 can assist any one
I plays all games,there is no lag still ,camera is crisp on day light ,only one prob is the battery it drains fast ...otherwise this mobile is grt
Bought it for my father as his birthday gift. He liked it so much as to say that it is the solution to all his needs required from a smart phone!
Great Product by Micromax. Feel of the phone is ultimate. Don't expect something extraordinary. But Overall everything satisfactory at this price.
THIS SMARTPHONE IS REALLY AWESOME AND CONVENIENT IN USE.NONE OTHER THAN MOBILE BEFORE I'VE TO SEE.THANKSSSSS TO LAUNCH SUCH A AMAZING SAMARTPHONE.
Fix the problem of internal memory.... It is only supporting app... No other transfer or picture click... Plllzzzz fix it for other transfer.....
Product delivered within given time. Mobile was good and working fine. But after few days charger was not working couldn't able to replace also.
Camera good can do FHD recording, Display OK, Processor OK, Battery BAD drains very fast while playing coc!! but for this price very nice phone!!
Good phone, better than the xiomi redmi, OS is very clean and fresh and the device is decent in performance and battery life is good as expected.
Phone is wid very good features n d os is working fine. Battery backup is nt so good.. getting hot while playing game front camera has some pblm.
Everything is perfect except its front cam shows distortion lines when it opens. I have restored the phone twice, but it didn't make any changes.
camera quality is very bad and WIFI reception is very weak even though evenif router is in range of 10 feet Prefer spice android one instead
Good performance,excellent budget device,wish battery capacity should have been more and little more speaker volumes.Overall a very good product.
I purchase this phone 18 Oct. Working good but big problem is battery backup very very bad. And so much hit during working. Don't buy this phone.
it is very easy to operate and slim look quality is good .But when your talking to much in phone lot of heat is generated.Remaining all are good
Frist ten days it's very good in every feild, but after ten days there is network problem, & baterry probem, if you have any solutaion pls. Help
The is really good at this affordable price. But you need to download different software to access file manager, 3G calling app to make 3G calls.
Nice Look, Nice Physical Shape, Very Slim as to that of others But only thing is that M! Live is not all working... even its non updated !!!
The phone is quite good. Battery seems to be a bit weak, but not a major problem. Requires charging once in 30 hours with medium usage.
Its a good phone with less expensive such a best product to every one, cant u find this appearence in a other mobiles hopefuly the best product..
Its a absolute budget phone priced at 6.5k... one drawback of the mob is tat camera is not good.. except tat evrythin works fine.. worth buyin it
Great value for money. Phone doesn't 'look' cheap. The finish is good. Has assured Android updates for 2 years. Couldn't ask for more. Satisfied.
excellent mobile... superb speed... remember just one thing - dont try to put screen guard by yourself... ask professionals to do the same..
It was a wonderful experience in shopping but i haven't revived any reward point yet as that was mentioned on the time of purchase the cell phone
All the features are easy to operate, the only problem my loop sim card does not work, can anybody let me know micromax service outlets in Mumbai
Phone is good.everything is fine but i am getting error 489 while downloading any app.I think this is the problem of google play store. my experience regarding the courier Fedex is very bad.they took 5 days to deliver.my product was supposed to come kolkata but they sent it to delhi by mistake. overall 3.5 star.(as the customer care of micromax is very bad.i dont know why they provide such cheap service).
overall that's a greate product in this price. Front camera quality is good performance is better than others, but only sound quality is average.
First look and impression the device fells good and speed is also great for the pricing given at. Camera clarity is too good both front and back.
it is nice phone, touch is very good
Amazing phone. Delivered as per order. But only one drawback i.e., camera both front & rear. Not up to the mark. Poor quality. Rest is fine.
No words ! Awsome packaging. Awsome pepduct. Very fast delievery. Very good product at this range. Keep it up micromax.
phone is superb nice camera wid flas gud battery backup best phone in this range go for it. No prob till now splendid performance wid aneroid 1
Its not letting me install apps from play store and doesn't give enough 3G connectivity. :( My old samsung s duo was much better than this.
This is an awesome phone for the money. The Spice and Karbonn Android One phones are identical except for the names of the reseller on the case.
Not worked properly... Had to return... Battery heat up... Retarts... Seemed to be a defective peice.... But was returned very nicely n smoothly
Best device in this range n over that free android software updates for 2 years is a big plus, would recommend new smartphone buyers this phone.
All the features are given in this mobile is good. but the USB mode is not enabled. pc to moblie (usb) is not working. other than this its okay.
battery backup is not satisfactory and 3G video calling (Dialler video calling) is not found so it is not superb, only good smartphone in 6499/-
This phone is awesome for this range phone. Plus google has promised to provide updates for 2 years. So u ll b up to date in a low budget phone.
I would like to recommend this product. Punches above its weight. Unless you are buying a top of the line flagship model, this is the way to go.
this phone is relay very good and low price but battery capacity is low any how it is very good and extent smart phone from Our (INDIA) Micromax
Good phone, great performance. Played Temple Run 2 and Subway Surfers without any lag. Most acceptable budget mobile. U can't expect anything m
i m loving this product tysm google for coming up with such an awesome concept android one.Amazon thks for bring this to us awesome cell phone..
One of the best product must buy Previously i am using note 2 but at this price it is better than note 2. Must buy hardly recommended.
Google android one is a good smartfone in low price. I am useing 3 week. Net speed & browsing speed is good in other shame price android device.
Its a OK phone. I m starting to experience some problems.. Some android functions are missing.. It is slow.. But the phone is not so bad at all.
an average budget phone.not so awesome but at this price range its ok.. micromax need to reduce the price by Rs1000 then its a great delal.
Canvas a1 is nice product at such low price range. M using it from last 1 month no problems was detected... Amazon service is best...
This is a good low price android phone. I have had no problems with it. It is light and the screen is clear and responsive. No complaints.
This phone is very good this have every feature .if you going to buy it you would choose correct option this is very good product by Micromax..
Best mobile from micromax under 7k no need to compare with any other and the best part its battery works for 2 to 2.5 days even when data is on
...justifies price...net speed embanks on network ...touch is good... camera satisfactory...screen , weight & widgets more than satisfactory...
Excellent phone , very smooth , its been a month now & no issues ! please don't think much it value for money. Real Android one @@@@
Mobile system is excellent.. But I am facing low battery problem.. Battery gives only one day backup...if there is any solution please tell me.
The phone camera quality is good in such price. But it get freeze sometimes while using watsapp. Overall the phone is good in this price range.
Can't video calling directly, it's required video calling app.anybody tell me how can i can video call directly. Otherwise fine is superb.....!
I shoped A1 yesterday performance is good and Phone is awesome...but the only draw back i saw is battery life is bad...not even a single day...
Awesome phone. Works pretty smooth. The only disappointing part is the sound of the phone. Not suitable for playing songs even using earphones.
I bought this mobile last month for my dad...after using for past 15 days I haven't found any lags in performance...nice one...loving this....
The charger is not working & despite sending message to Micromax they have not yet responeded to my compliant. I feel I am cheated by micromax
Battery cold hav been a lil better, n camera too but with a 6.5k prize tag its awesome actually..! And also thanks to faster Amazon delivery..
mobile is good to use .camera is waste. not getting 5mp but only getting just 2mp . performance is also good. overrall its good
Its really awesome phone in this budget.. i would suggest to everyone if you have log budget then go with this phone only... suparfast phone..
along with flip cover is better other benifits coupen if given in time i would be very happy make arrangement to give back the cash offer djk
Value for Money.... Like it...the shape and built is v nice.... Given the product cost, the specs are good and a quality product....
Very good entry level smart phone in the price range of Rs. 6500/-. design is good, works faster than expected overall it is value for money.
accessories of this product are very low quality. its been only 1 month and my earphone is not working properly. very low quality accessories.
A must buy product from Micromax + Google + Amazon. Rich features,Stock Android,Decent Camera,Excellent Battery Backup,Great User Interface :)
1. Timely delivery by Amazon. 2.A1 is good. I guess they could have improved on the battery and screen part. But a value for money phone.
GOOD LOOK AND PERFORMANCE. ARRANGEMENT OF CAMERA CAN BE STILL SMALL. RESPONSIVE TOUCH SCREEN. GOOD RECEPTION. IN TOTAL VALUE FOR MAONEY.
quite good....but the display is below expectations....i would recommend redmi 1s...which is much much much a better mobile phone that this...
It's the best phone you can get for that price. Camera is descent.has high performance..,.... Fast,stylish...... I strongly recommend...,.....
good one thanks micromax and amazon
I received this mobile without speaker, the receiver speaker is not working, I was shocked, then I go to care and repair that, now its clear.
very nice phone...... looks good in hand and its a quad core processor phone thats y no lagging full hd video playback. great phone.....
Micromax Canvas A1 really good one with cheap rate. Thank you for Amazon I am always prefer to purchase through Amazon..once again thank you
I am very thankful to Amazon online services. Micromax canvas A1 with Android one is very good set with many features. I like it. Thanks
sound quality is poor , the connectivity is very poor , the resolution in comparision to other phone of the same price bracket is much better
overall it is good . v. good touch , responsive. Processor is fast. one of the things I didn't liked is no multiple delete option in contacts
i am buy this product 15 oct & delivery on 22 oct. When I am use this mobile I detect the front camera is not working. this is company fault.
Nice phone...best one from Micromax... it gives everything u need in smart phones and u don't have to loose so much of ur pocket to have it..
The hand set is good but its gets heat fast wen u use continuously either by talking or while u play rest ok . camera is not so good but ok..
it is a very good phone, nice appearance,nice performance, no hanging, it meets all my requirments, i think battery may be some more powerful
The quality is not good .upper side of screen is pressed and is shown different in it.and camera and flashlight gold cover is loosed .overall i am not satisfied.
It was extremely awesome super cool product ..Its a way beyond Micromax's standard ...highly satisfied ... Thx Micromax , Google and Amazon .
I have been using this phone for about a month and I am quite happy with its performance. I think it has given me a Good Value for my money.
micromax canvas A1 is not as I expect. I would like to return it, where I wold contact to return that pl convey. I wd go for apple or samsung
splended job with micromax but i have not received the gift vouchers and coupens of 2000 Rs.but any way the product in performance is greate
really very good smartphones in this price range. i love it. But do not forget to message us about it cover when ever you bring it to Amazon.
I have been using this phone for 3 months The Major problems are listed below : 1. SD card not recognised due to the slot problems 2. Internet speed is very low. Even on 3G 3. Wifi speed very poor 4. Phone will hang on 5. Apk files cannot send through bluetooth 6. Error in fetching data from SD card 7. Preinstalled apps cannot be uninstalled 8. SD card should be class 6 or more
Good but have some fault in bluetooth while receiving apps, basic apps are not pre-installed like file manager, gallery. Overall, it's good.
This phone is good overall... Battery problem should b fixed.... & many more bugs should b fixed in upcoming android one phone....
I like it, it is fast and enables a quality experience of android. Worth the money. But it took a month to reach here from the seller!?
Budget android phone It's actually google phone n built by micromax Built quality ok for that price range Delivered next day
This is a very impressive smartphone delivered by Micromax using Android One technology. Very competitive pricing for the features it offers
Nice mobile...sure desi nexus.... Till now no problem..finger cross .... Camera macro image r awsm .... Headphone output is OK not that good
Its a value for money phone. In 6400 price you get neat kitkat device. BUT, would not suggest if you are looking for a good camera, speaker.
3 Important points of Mi A1: 1] budget phone. 2] Smart looking. 3] up-gradable. But i didn't satisfied by battery.
Best phone if you are looking for a low budget nexus! It has all the features you will mostly find in Samsung phones of ₹10000-15000!!!
awesome Andriod Kitkat 4.4 handset by Google (andriod one) best buy at 6.5K ... camera is lovely .... thank you amazon for the offers !
Good Phone. Pros: - Price - Size - RAM (1GB) - Android One (Kitkat 4.4.4) Cons: -Display Resolution
It's a good phone within 10K budget. Handling of the phone is very comfortable. Feel it should have come with better camera & Battery backup
Must buy <3 ...The best phone u can get at this amazing price!! Money efficient with a smart look ...and a gud enough camera!
Awesome Mobile.... -> Good camera (Required Memory Card ). -> 2.27 GB Free space out of 4 GB. -> Screen guard comes with phone. -> Charger with data cable (that not include in moto E & G (2nd Gend also)). All above it's nice phone with Good concept. I not received free 8 GB memory card with box , Amazon said they will deliver soon(Please check yours when you open box).
Good Mobile which is of stock Android OS with latest OS everytime. Its now 7+ months gone works fine till today without any problems/jerks.
Android 5.1 Update available through OTA so far perfomance never came down display is of for this price i bought it for 5000
Brought this phone for my mom .. Its easy handy nd convenient to use. Amazon as expected and as always was way ahead of wht they promise ..
Considering the price and freebies which i got, the phones' a good buy.Totally satisfied with the delivery as well as the product.Loved it.
This phone is better than any other phone at this price. But I have a problem of speaker. But it solved automatically... KASHYAPSINH RATHOD
Image stabilization is required in camera plus need improvement in camera quality. Rest of all everything is up to the mark in this range.
Excellent Android Phone in this budget, great build quality. Cant expect more in this price band but it has all the features of 15K phones.
Everything is fine, but my touch is giving me some problem. Some times while I'm typing my message, letters are typed without touching them
Delivery as confirmed made for android1. But the mobile maker could have provided booklet with all features for faster understanding .
Excellent Smart Phone. All features are good. If Standard back camera could to be 8MP, then it would have been the best phone in its range.
Phone working capicity and speed is vry nice, but battery is too low only 2-3 hrs max.backup. which is not suffient for travelling purpose.
Faced software problem from the day 1. Micromax and Amazon are unwilling to help. Very bad experience.
Nice product ! on time delivery...
The phone is great. easy to use but some glitches r there. limited file support via bluetooth. screen using 60% of battery usage. only MTP option for file transfer. camera is acceptable at dis price. macro shots r great battery life less coz of screen. But its a nyc phone. u can wait some more android ones.. Best thing about this phone is its grip n easy to hold design comfortable sturdy..
Have been using this since October 2014, started lagging after installing lollipop, done internal space issues.. Everything else, superb..
File manager , video player, whatsapp, etc software not preloaded. Camera software is not Good. Battery drain fast.sound quality not good.
Its amazingg phone in 6 k...its doing very well.....i purchased it 1 month before......n its prfrming very well...... full paisa vasool...
excellent one, with good stylish look, at the low level cost it covers all features of smart phone.....only disapointment is battery life
mobile while connected to a laptop or a system thro data cable doesnt recognized by the system.Still now no support by service centre also
AWESOME PHONE AT PRICE 6499 , GOOD QUALITY WITH 1.3GHz quad core processor, AWESOME FEATURES . BEST BUY AT THIS PRICE . TOTAL PAISA WSOOL
I BOUGHT THE AWESOME FLIP COVER OF CANVAS A1 FROM HERE http://www.portamart.in/universal-flip-cover-for-micromax-canvas-a1-139723308.html
it realy value for money item the touch is real suberb and camera is awsome this is for who want budget mobile as well as awsome features
Best budget phone in the market. Performance, battery backup and camera are up to the mark and best then an any other phone in this range.
It is a wonderful gadget. I am satisfied with it. I am looking for a protective cover for the phone. It is not yet available n the market.
Heating problem, bad battery pack up . just work 2-3hr.not have internal memory for media.just for apps. But work good.no hanging problem.
It's amazing experience using this phone... I am using this mobile.. Its awesome features and specifications... And a affordable price...
Great But installed app makes a seprate new home screen everytime. Moreover putting google now as a home scrren aldo add some problem
facing problem in downloading apps from playstore. Also video calling over 3g network without skype not possible. Not upto my expectation.
Ordered on Sept 23. Delivered on Sept 26.And now on Oct 7 its earpiece is not working. Amazon says go to the manufacturer.Feeling Cheated.
its very good, but only one problem is all your contact will save in google. is there any option to save contact in phone memory pls help.
Worth buying...Nice Features in awesome prices....But after paying charges for express delivery it took more than 24 hrs to deliver... :-(
"There is nothing to say" its the best mobile in every aspect in this price range, better than moto e ,unite 2,redmi, just grab it
I am happy to purchase this phone. This phone has very good feature according to their price. & amazon delivered me only in two days.
after using more then 1 month this product I have found that it was good initially. But now it is showing regularly that fb messenger ,android .score etc like many things not working. The notification pops up in main screen. Many times MX player,whattsapp not working Battery drains out very quickly. Will have to charge twice daily. Bluetooth is not working (may be it is only my device).
The fone is gr8, the features are also gr8, i m using this fone frm 2 weeks there were absolutely no lags, aftr plying a lot of games the battery life is ok. You should be confortable to charge ur fone twice a day. If u r planing to use this fone for a longer period of time dan my suggestion is dat u shud buy a cover, as the back panel gets a little dirty after some usage. Overall the fone is fantastic.
best phone next to latest nexus/iphone :D if you find certain features missing then either you don't need it else buy a nexus.
Its a good phone, nice battery back up, nice performance. no lagging. micromax is heading to become a global brand with quality products.
Awsome phone in very low price...using since last november... I love my androidone... Frnds get jealous even they have more costly phones
Too much of promo for a dull thing. The display is dull than promised. The battery backup is a dumb thing. No happy with this product.
A really nice Android One phone. In this ever changing Smartphone market , it provides the user with all what he/she needs at this price.
Nice phone. But, I can see the below two drawbacks 1. Battery back up. 2. Speaker is in backside which is not good.
The best phone in this price range.... Must buy... 5MP Cam comes with HDR+ and photosphere feature which is similar to that on nexus 5..
it is quiet decent phone in dis price range.......using it from a month its performance is just osm....!!! batery life also very good....
perfect value for money. very good phone, lean and nimble. Camera and the glass are not the best of the class, but they work as expected.
Battery is draining out quickly and its heating up within 30 to 40 mins while on net or playing games.But as far price is concern its OK.
it is the worst fone i have ever used. Heats up hard when u chat with someone. I'll recommend everyone not to buy this fone even for free
for me this is awesome, though I don't use it to maximum as I don't require it this is best small budget smart phone available in market.
Good and Budget Phone. Still Working Fine. Don't have enough faith on Micromax. If it works same after 7-8 Months I will give it a 5 Star
It was a good selection. No doubt about the hand-set. Delivery was also good as i received the product within 2 days.. thanks to amazon..
Awesome mobile touch is very smooth UI is like moto g almost everything is like moto g except camera and its better than moto E go for it
Mobiles feature ,lookup, camera, all are superb... But only 1 problem is mobile Heating during call more than 2 minutes talking....
I received the order today. Product is too good. One request to amazon introduce filp cover or cristal cover for this product immediately
An excellent value for money. This is just sufficient as a good android phone and suggest buyers to utilise their money more efficiently.
Unfortunately I had to return the item, as the quality of product was not upto my expectations. I ordered Micromax after seeing a lot of positive reviews, not knowing that the point of comparison was previous micromax products. However, being a samsung user for a long time now, I expected a similar quality, which is obviously "expecting too much". Sorry amazon and micromax, this isn't for me.
Awesome phone. no problem with this phone. Got late lollipop update but it's OK at least I got and I will get for more 2years gr8......
Value for money phone. But it gets heated up within 7-8 minutes on a call. Other than this, the phone is pretty good at its price point.
Its the very good mobile... I was been never seen this type of mobile at this price... Its good and I'm enjoying very well....
Awesome mobile ... the ips screen is aweosme man.... i love that... Battery life is little poor... but overall best mobile for 6.5k
Totally worth the money. And the google ecosystem of apps is really cool. Its high on performance. Go ahead and buy it, you wont regret.
It has proved to be a very good product.amazon sevice always very nice One drawback is the less battery time. Otherwise worth a Buy
Cheap Android 4.4.4 mobile that meets the expectations. Unfortunatly update for Android Lollipop will have to wait for at least January.
I m not satisfied with the product.. It gets hang several times.. Touch starts misbehaving sometimes.. Amazon is not ready to replace it
Very slow speed of internet even at a wi-fi zone. Bluetooth has also got problem. not at all a satisfactory phone even at such low price
Battery life is just average ruther than very nice and one of the best android phone. Permorm like a high end flagship android mobile...
Notification Led Missing.. Camera Interface could have been better.. No dough, its a wonderful phone you can go for it..
Very nice performance.Worth buying The fault .is only the ring volume....low..I am afride of boosting by boosters because of warrenty...
Amazing phone available for such a low range Truly satisfied with the quality of camera Cons: The display is quite reflective.
Its a Nice phone with good battery life, great display and amazing speed. Really liked the phone specially when it is available at 6500.
don't buy this one after 3 days of buying it crashed and the service center hasn't returned it yet cannot trust their service now
Back cover is bad quality...seems as if it has been replaced with some duplicate copy...it has a play and the cover comes off easily...
Amazon service and delivery is superb.product also were good though .thanks. Battery is little bit poor .otherwise everything OK .
NOT A GOOD PHONE ON FIRST DAY OVER HEATING PROBLEM AND ALSO WIFI DIRECT NOT WORKING AND BLUETOOTH ALSO GIVING PROBLEM OF STORAGE ISSUE.
Good value for money...Bought it for my dad..he loves using it...may be the Android One can bring a better update to the user interface
Nice phone but Gallery, file manger should be in built... I have download the same from play store. Remaining things are ok.
Phone is awesome except battery backup that is not good. Requires too much charging, and the charge doesn't last for even one full day.
Great phone on this price as compare to Sony Xperia E3 dual like all function same and all type spec same I recomended only micromax a1
Micromax A1 dnot configure the ringtone of micro sd cards song folder. Can you suggest me the process of sd cards ring tone selection ?
This is my first android mobile It works good and it has good looks But the headphones of the mobile had not working properly
Its a nice phone in this range. You won't regret it after purchase. Amazon delivery was fast. Note: Phone battery drains out fast.
This is a budget phone and best for new user of android in this price. Nice handling, Smooth touch, nice battery backup for 2g network.
Got this product as a gift for someone who was going to get their first Android. I'm glad that the person likes it and acknowledges it.
Dont wait just go for it.... Micromax is better than spice and karbon... Although all three are same... But service matters a lot.....
I got it 3days back. Excellent phone with lot of features. Very handy and comfortable in sliding through apps. Overall, a good choice.
true to expectations this is a good smart phone. no complaints so far, good offer and excellent price fpr money.
It a nice phone. It work like desi I phone.it week ness it bettry and in this divas no file manger .over all it a nice phone.go for it.
I luv dis phone...it luks Awesome! ..no lag found..but I face a problem- my Google Play Store not working! N no help from MMX C.Care :(
Simply superb... Lots of features for such a low price.. Camera clarity is really very gud . ..... Both front and rear camera
while making call the screen automatically shuts off leading to problem in ending the call,loudspeaker etc with a red light at the top.
Perfect Mobile. Usually we find front camera with good quality but for this mobile i will say best quality under this figure
If any body looking for a 7000 range phone, this phone is the right one. Best micromax product so far in this range. Can give it a try.
Doesn't have the internal memory. You can't save any file like pic, video and audio etc. if u don't have the memory card in ur device..
A very good product from Micromax
3g signal not good otherwise good
Its speaker automatic ly shut off
Good Mobile. Performance is good.
This is the best mobile ever ... Guys I got lollipop update on march 28 ... So happy ... N update jst made phone awsmmmm <3 This device doesn't lag at all ... Every single game on play store works perfectly ... So if ur planning to buy this mobile just a right choice . ... Its heats a little after playing COC BT other games have no issues ... Good luck .. I got my best mobile ... See urs
Cam quality great.. No overheating Ready to update to 5.1 Battery OK 3g working good Sound quality slight low
sir it very good phone, but as per your commitment the update of android is till awaited. why. please send update Method by mail.
lollipop has been out for almost 3months now and still no update for this phone...really disappointed with google..very bad experience
defective product,could not replace it as courier partner is not serviceable in that area. need to fix it with nearest service center.
Great phone @6.5k price point with Good configuration.. Pure android experience, Serves the need very well. Will recommend this to buy
Battery backup is very low as compared to unite 2. My battery lasts only 4hr. Poor delivery from amazon. Android one is
IT IS NEARLY 10 DAYS SINCE IT WAS PURCHASED. SO FAR QUITE HAPPY .HOPE IT WILL CONTINUE TO FUNCTION SMOOTHLY IN FUTURE TOO. GOOD LUCK .
Overall gr8t!!!! But without inserting microsd card not able to use camera(shows insert sd card......). Else is ok....
Good product to get with the price tag. Battery life is little less but that can not expect all the best feature at the low price tag.
It's best in its range. Full of required things in scenario. I'm happy to have it. Excellent processing speed with moderate hard disk.
Value For Money Product. Only Concern is the Low Battery back Up. Otherwie it caters almost all the needs of a Normal smartphone user.
Not upto the mark. Poor battery backup (~3hrs). Inbuilt file explorer not present. Bluetooth has several issues. Not recommended.
Till date its doing good. hope Micromax doesn't come up with any problem. The delivery was on time as committed by amazon.
It's a really cool,stylish yet compiled of the perfect features at a really good price..superb camera..u shud definitely go for it....
Fully satisfied with everything provided with this phone in this range. There is need of navigation keys on keyboard for text editing.
Sir it produces over heat while call or browsing. It should be rectified. Otherwise it is a failure one. It can't reach expectations.
Sir, according to your offer ,I have got 8gb memory card and screen card but what about ₹2000 amazon coupon ??? Please tell me ??
This is a great phone in this price range, Good: (why 3 star) 1>Android Kit kat with latest update 2>Fast 3>Looks Good 4>UI is very good Bad: (Why not those 2 stars) 1>Battery drains in just 8 hours. Big Drawback. 2>I have used Nokia e 72 5 MP camera. The Image quality is not good ,Not satisfied with the image quality.
After using 6 months I am writing this review. Best android phone in the market today. Budget phone. everything is working nicely till now.
Nice phone in performance and look........Good for its price range and doing a great job .....One of the best phone from Micromax....
unable to connect to system, to share the files. in otherwise the product is good. Please help in connecting device to computer.
Battery Backup is not satisfactory if I use internet (Only 2 hrs). No option for explore the memory card. Camera clarity is not good.
The set is very good. But the battery back up is not so good. I am not happy with the battery. Looking good , very slim , .its best..
Excellent phone. Speedy delivery. Phone in perfect condition. Amazing phone for such a cheap deal. Couldn't have asked for better. :)
Good product by micromax and google andriod-one . You should prefer to buy this product .no defects in product. Best amazon service.
Very Good product. Only problem is that battery drains very fast in 3g networks. But still I will say that I am happy with the phone.
Hi guys, i'm having this phone and I love it. There are most facilities then expected . it also looks gorgeous! 5 stars from me.
Awosome phone...No lag no Heating Issue,Bettery Backup is Good,Camera is average,Sound Quality is Very Good. Go For It.......!!
i didnt like this product as it was keep on showing network is not connected though i have done all the settings. hence, returned it.
I love the product. Good compared to price range. Battery stand by is good. Camera quality is little low. It can score 85% - 90%.
Its Great But battery backup is not good .. I would like to say thanks AMAZON for good packing & prompt delivery ..!
Front camera is faulty and touchscreen is also giving problems. It makes me very upset n feels like I wasted my money on this mobile.
Its good.....and more importantly has more features even At a low price . ...and ya thanx amazon for special offers along with it....
So far good performance. Smooth like butter. Enhanced security mechanism. Doesnt lag a bit with multiple apps running simultaneously.
it is very good, processing is fast, clarity in photo and sound. Worth buying for the amount paid. Only hitch is it is without cover.
probleb sim select opsen very bad expirance at othirise cervie stationservice man are harrest to cousermer when you hand over mobile
This is the best budget smartphone. Never expected such product for this price. Guys Don't look at all negative reviews just buy it!!
nice android within my budget.running smoothly with any delay.thanks to android one,micromax and amazon for such an wonderful phone.
i brought this phone 15 days ago.i m fully satisfied with phone.battery backup is nt good.this is the single problem i m facing now.
Phone quality is good but the main problem is battery .its not working at least 2 hrs. We have to keep at least 2 or 3 times daily .
Excellent product from micromax. For any enquiries about this product call shyam 8438498922... am really amazed with this product...
Everything is so good. It work very nice and smooth bt battery very poor. Its relly a problem.... Can any one have solution of this?
The Gallery is not opening, apps are not installing from the play store,memory card not detected,can't install my mobile updates...!
Nice..the phone is good..no lag..faster transitions between screens and very good rear camera for 5 mp and front camera for 1.3mp..!
Fast responsive ui. Haven't played games but this phone serve its purpose of basic android phone better than any medium range phone.
Phone is awesome .. Sure better than a moto e and the other Android ones.. But if u can go higher on the budget... Go for moto g2
I have purchased this mobile based reviews only, it is perfect as mentioned in reviews. Looking smart and Good one for speedy users.
great product with amazon but request you to kindly add one more section with this that what will customer find with this pack.thaks
Nice phone. strongly recommended in case of performance and configuration. Camera is normal but other features are great.
The best phone you can have if you are a lite gamer and a social media and blogger this is the best phone you can buy under a budget
A very nice phone at this exciting price..it works very well & has fluidity in its processes..dnt think much..just buy n enjoy...!!!
Very Good mobile for this price. Flip cover should be make for this product. Be Indian and Buy Indian product.
Good ui. Good processing speed,good picture quality but I m little bit disappointed from its camera. Its camera is low than average.
One star for Amazon's terrible service via India post.Cancel your order if your delivery is promised by India post.It took half a month to reach me and they changed scheduled date thrice. As for the phone I will give 5 stars.Amazing phone in this budget.Camera is average though.Front cam is awesome.And its running well.Looking forward to get android L update next to nexus.
good delivered @ remote location
Just Younger Brother of Nexus 5
Product is like value for money.
Better than Redmi 1s and moto e.
Unexcepted from its features....
It has software issues inn it. Sometimes wifi is not working and many times apps are just removed and speakers are also not so good
Its my dream come true !! It's beyond my imagination, Such a wonderful product at so affordable price !! Thanks Amazon !!
the phone is very good featchers and good camera and call quality.this is upgradable versone of next os.this phone value for money.
I have been using this phone last one month. Everything is good. No chance to condemn. * Low price * Good features * Stylish *
Its good and luvly set . Though I need to do a lots of R&D in it. But the service I got from Amazon was amazingly good.Thanx Amazon
Best phone high graphic game is run is not lack in a high graphic game is the best phone and android L is get by Google by directly
good phone , value for money ,but they can do better by making the back side good and making the screen lock button more potruding
Very good phone at a very good price. I like this phone,exceptional performance. Thanks Amazon for your speedy and timely delivery.
I bought two units. The battery of one of them seems to discharge too quickly, even though usage of both handsets is quite minimal.
Its really good, nd easy to purchase, cemra is gud working and front cemra is also good for selfie, this is gud for video calling.
overall andriod one mobile product is good but I would request to manufactures to look into battery without using it drains fast.
Great Mobile in the budget range , the touch and feel is pretty . best part is it has direct support from google for updates .
Everyhting is good expect Battery Backup - coming only one day if we use youtube or movie will be 3 hours rest every thing is good.
good processor, andriod at its best ,all apps running efficiently ,no heating problem yet.its a good deal from micromax and amazon.
There is below issues in my handset: - Call drop - Signals are too weak even in healthy network area - Network issue
Really good one in this class, and I would like to buy this to my friends and colleagues, they bought three mobiles with in a week
Good value for Money, good build, ok camera, decent battery life and surprisingly quite a snappy in performance for the price
value for money, works really good. The battery life is good even with two 3G SIM cards. The 5 M camera is ok for normal pictures.
its a nice phone with gud specs . camera is decent .would rate it best phone under 7000. used for 1 month no problem at all .
Micromax Canvas A1 realiable and nice cell in look wise and for internet uses,its kit kat version is good for using net with pages
Yes, It is a very good phone . no lag ,good display ,average camera ,good call quality ,pure android experience. GO FOR IT...
Charger is not working. Customer Care is not trained to service the customer. CHEATING of Innocent Customer.
Picture quality of front & back camera is good. Phone is lighter than other phones. Operating experience is ok. Good quality flash
good specifactions for less money. value for money.speed is good. camera is decent. display is OK.worth buying... I am loving it..
Its nice an wise to buy these smartphone with complete package of fun .....micromax awersome but maintain the customer services...
Really good. More than 2 weeks (usage till now) everything is fyn. No battery heat up. No hang. Micromax canvas A1 go for it.
Very good product. Worth more than its price. Now with these features everybody should go for this type of phone. Fully satisfied.
The only negative point is battery backup, if we use 3g it eats the battery backup very fast. Great Plus : Good response time
Finest phone in this price range.It's operating system and google updates make it a powerful phone than other phone in this range.
Good value for money. Call answering and ending is little tedious.Also the option to snooze or dismiss alarm is not very friendly.
Nice product works fine. somewhat less battery. it should have been more than 2000mAh. all other features are good at this price.
Its an excellent phone for such a modest price....I'm loving it....the stock android 4.4.4 is great....now waiting for 5.0 update
good mobile But not open memory in pc and not connected with pc internet not tranfer apps from other mobile
My cell z not getting switched on, got switched off suddenly. Just 1.5 months back i took. very bad it is!!! Don't buy this product & ear phone got damaged & not working. I compared with my friends, i got duplicate one :( very bad experience.
The product completes all expectation as per its price. If you're fond of camera then you should invest more. I really like it.:)
Thats the budget phone i waited for so long, nice picture quality, gud battery backup, no lagging, its simply the best...........
very good phone at its range..... this phone is not for gamers though it plays games with no lag...everything works great...
IT IS GOOD TO HAVE TO COMPARE WITH OTHER BRAND AND PRICE,SINCE THE PERFORMANCE IS GOOD ENOUGH AND MORE THAN THAT THE EXPECTATION.
Phone is ok, a good one at this cost. but i'm giving 3 stars..! Why because the delay caused by Amazon to deliver this product...
I've facing very big problem about Phone battry. It has standby time only 3-4hrs. I want to return it, please say what will I do?
if your budget is under 7000 Rupees than go for this phone blindly. And if your budget is more than think about moto phones.
An awesome phone with a very good camera and phone space.. Satisfied my expectations.. Buy it, Use it and be happy.. :)
I did'nt thought the phone will be so good in small budget a good phone :) . . . . . . . . Great camera great apps great phone
A really good phone...fast processor...latest softwares...android one is rrally a good one from google & well sold by micromax...
this phone is overoll good but i bought a faulty canvas a1(speaker not worked).i return this product.i think buy 2nd time or not.
We got multiple of these, they are a bit slow when it comes to running an offline GPS application for the cars these were put in.
As play store not downloaded any apps from google store even cheked at micromax service center error 489 countinue hence returned
Best phone but battery issue otherwise its a good buy. . par mujhe abhi take iska flip ya back cover nhi mila bahut dhund liya. .
It could have been a showstopper if there were these three things 1. Better camera 2. 720p screen 3. Made in India
really a good product, even the battery last long. b'lve me, u will love it no cons so far, no lags games runs fluently
Can anyone help me?Whether this phone support 3G o not? M not getting 3G in my phone. Other all thing is very good in this phone.
After a long wait of 5 days i got my phone.... Its sooo good... Very fluid phone. Good experience like a higher end mobile..
Bought it in Dec 14 and loving it so far. Have dropped it few times but no damage. Screen, Performance, everything is very good.
several problems with this mobile such as in roaming data is not supported,transfer of apps through bluethooth not possible etc.
It is absolutely a very good mobile only drawback battery backup should have been more. I have no words more its very good phone
Working as I expected, only problem is I'm unable to get apps from other mobile by Bluetooth app sender....... Pls help....
I liked this mobile more than my previous purchase of canvas HD due to its better clarity in camera pictures and no lags so far.
There is no inbuilt file manager,can't use mp3 as ring tone ..... Rest all features are super .... Nice mobile with in this cost
Great experience, front camera is a bit disappointment, but at this cost...... Its just ok......otherwise good.,..still no prob.
Mobile is somewhat good to work regarding the price tag. But I wanna know where to get the stylish printed cases for this mobile
Its a great phone. But a small hitch is the ease to change your ringtone to your favourite tune. Otherwise a classic phone.
very bad phone, I hate micromax.... it always hate micromax... thats why don't belive in INDIAN products...
This is a phone which is a must have. But the battery alone is a problem. If that can be excepted, this is an exceptional phone.
It is a nice mobile set. Money worth set .If flip cover addition with the mobile would have been competitive with other mobiles.
I have worst experience with this.I just hear a phone without default gallery. Compare to unite 2 the camera quality is very low
In my phone internal memory is not showing when I am connecting USB cable to my computer....wh at should I do plzzz help me
I love it. I replaced it for my samsung phone and have no regrets in doing so. Its so fast, doesn't hang... its worth the money!
Junior nexus ... Product out of sheer competition with windows ... this mobile can stand strong in front of mobiles ranging 15k.
It is not up to my expectation.
very easy to use,camara is good
Nice Phone in the little price.
best configuration @ this price
Extremely good value for money.
Its just amazing. No Lags till now. I have installed 2 games, WhatsApp ,Battery Doctor , Clean Master ... And the phone runs smoothly . The camera is awesome. Especially I want to mention the Photo Sphere feature which is the most amazing thing of this phone. It allows you to create a 3D model of any place , auditorium or any room. The phone is just AWESOME !!!
Dear Mr Pandiaraj Thank u very much for your detailed review on the phone & I'm sure that it will be helpful to any & all digital illitrates like me to get a balanced view of the phone. Thank u very much for your whole hearted effort & time to educate me/others like me. Hope to see your reviews in future also. GOOD WORK & THANK U ONCE AGAIN Abraham T
Nice Phone. Has been using Moto G before this. A1 is quite lighter... The head phone came along with this phone is like typical Nokia headphone, but has very good quality of sound/bass. The USB cable is a plus point. Quite longer cable... :) Worth the price. I would strongly recommend anyone to go for this piece if your budget for smart phone is below 7k.
Very good. I have used this mobile for more than 4-5 months. It is really good. (It is 4-5 months since I ordered and got this)
its a gud phne esp fr those who r lukin fr a phne in d range of 5-6 k. wrks fine..battery also lasts..screen size is also nice.
Got it very handsomely but unfortunately i lost it in Hospital with an emergency within 10 Days. So i didn't give any comment.
android one is a amazing phone i was looking for but the only problem i am having is the battery which gets drain very rapidly.
the mid-range smart phone a1 is very nice.. loking prety good. processing also smooth. .. . . i recomendend to bye this prodct
Got upgraded to android 5.1 recently as promised.. lollypop experience simply awesome... this phone will offer best of android experience at budget price.
am new to this android! if you too are the new user! i strongly recommend this mobile! you won't regret later! simply the best!
Very good item. service is very good but delivery was delayed. Tips : Delivery through Blue dart need be improved.
Excellent Phone. Performs absolutely great and the mobile handles pretty good for the performance promised by the manufacturer.
Wonderful mobile for anyone looking good phone at low cost. i'm enjoying every single feature of this mobile. Android one Rocks
This is an awesome phone. The display is bright and the performance is also good. I recommend it over other Android One phones.
The Most Reliable Phone I Ever Had......Its Worth Each Rupee that you spend.....You can never Get a better Phone For this price
Little bit hanging. No file explorer. No gallery. Battery is bad...rapidly got down charged after 20-30 minutes.
It is a very good phone. Very fast. Doesn't hang. Only thing is when inserting SD card carefully open the lock or it can break.
Phone is not working on hands free mode for attempting call I need to put the call on loudspeaker pl help me or change my phone
I got a very good experience in this product and at the same time I am very much satisfied with the service provided by amazon.
First Thanks to Amazon.in, for Shipping Cell, and second for Micromax. The cell Phone is very beautiful, and has nice features,
NICE MOBILE BUT ITS NOT HAVE ANY PRE INSTALLEDE FILE MANAGER, SO WE HAVE FIRST INSTALL SOME FILE MANAGER THROUGH PLAY STORE ,
Worth buying. Camera quality is not so good. camera portion also dosn't look good. Touch is good. Quality also looks promising.
Perfect piece for such price range. No lagging, smooth serfing, able to watch full hd movies. Just take it if u hv such budget.
sim card and smrti card not working properly i had sent back i got refund back in my a/c amazone survice is excellent
Excellent ecperience woth Amazon and the product is very good. Battery life seems low but have to verify in next few days.
Phone is working fine but hangs at times. Once I had to get software completely reinstalled. Though overall experience is nice.
Awesome features With upgrading android versions for 2 years great option U can't effort more than this in this price
Pl give some more vibrant varieties of flip covers with more colours.. Tempered glass scratch guards as soon as possible..
What's good 1.the best android experience I have had till date 2.display is very crisp still can't believe its 217ppi
Purchased android 1 on sep 20th but opened it on oct 1st. And very disappointed to see that there is a defect in the piece already which is not allowing to even read the sim. When contacted service center they told that software has to be installed. Now should run to micromax sc to rectify it. Lost interest in micromax as none of their products are reliable.
value for money product best mobile phone in this range. this mobile is become a rival for under 7000 rs. of mobile range
Best smartphone at this price range if you got low budget then u must grab this phone got 5.1 lollipop update without any bugs
Still i have to utilize this phone full time. Prma-facie FM Radio is not working properly, Headset is not good quality enough.
Good phone for the price range. Battery can be a problem if you browse internet more. The resolution could have been improved.
Great Phone ... considering the reasonable price tag ... However, like all smartphones, the battery standby is not too good ..
Its my 1st smart phone and I m loving it... All my frnds after seeing it told that it is wonderful in such reasonable price...
Good Phone with all necessary good features at lowest rate.. I recommend it and my friend has already purchased it from Amazon
Wonderful,I'd say.All its functions & features are comparable to handsets of 20000-25000 range.One must possess one and enjoy.
Its good phone but I see one problem that the slide lock is not OK, because when I received a call its automatically unlocked.
The device is good the feel and look is great. Battery is not satisfactory and hardly stays for 3-4 hours even in moderate use
I have bought this mobile 10 days ago. But the battery back up is very poor and the flash of the camera is not operating also.
While playing playing a game it hangs often and then does not restart or shut down you have to take the batteries out to do so
Both sims slots are microsim. This is is worse thing about the phone. Why should we required to cut our regular simcards?
Pros: 1) Phone Looks Good. 2) Android running smoothly, and the feel is good. Cons: 1) Battery is taking long time (more than 4 hours) to full charge. 2) Battery getting heat while charging. 3) Ear piece volume is very low, I hardly here other person's voice even the volume is full. 4) Camera quality is not that great.
Very very useful budget phone.i bought a1 6 pieces for my friends too. I bought on first launch sep 15 ,2014. Very nice phone
It is very good. Got earlier than expected Phone is good Lolipop is just awesome Best phone at this price
A good looking phone with latest software, good camera and speed. Plastic body feels a bit fragile though. Overall good.
itz vry nice to use if v install several apps BT never hanging I luv my mob don't miss it I'm njoyg itz slim also nice luking
I like it but from last two days the phone can not be put on,neither I can charge its Battery. Why so soon it is not working?
This phone is great in performance and look...But i did not find file mansger, gallerry, and music player softwares in it...
Very happy to receive the product before committed time :) Packing was very good. And of-course the Phone is superb. Love It.
Its very confertable for common people one who searches mobiles at low range, everything in one (android)@ very low price...
The product is good The only problem i am facing is using it as a USB storage device My system not easily deduct it
Awesome phone great to have cheap,fast,more battery life,awesome look,cool I m happy to be a user of such an innovative phone
Superb phone with nice feutures with in the 6k+ price. More over 2 years of Google support is more advantage of other phones.
Latest mobile with Android one.Very fast communication.Attractive offer from Amazon.Prompt Delivery.Battery is upto the mark.
Cons Missing file manager No otg Phone storage can't be used for data Data symbol doesn't show on top bar
I bought the Micromax A1 (Android One) smartphone via Amazon from the dealer Cloudtail in October 2014. As my first smartphone, it has now become a part of my life. The camera, sensors and other features compare will with more expensive models owned by my friends. The only down side is the battery, which runs down after about 4-5 hours of active use such as internet browsing or video playback. The OS is trim and intuitive. There are not too many apps cluttering up the phone that can't be removed. I did have one anxious moment (yesterday, actually) when the phone refused to boot on power-up, and it also showed the large battery in "fully charged" state. Luckily, the full charge indication turned out to be misleading, because the phone booted successfully after keeping it on charge for 15 minutes. After this it showed almost zero charge and began to charge up normally. So, except for that one worrying episode, I am glad I bought this phone!
Absolutely loved it!!! great product at a great price especially for people who are looking to buy their first smartphone!!!
its really very good product my all family members want this mob so ill try to buy for all of them a android one family
This is a good product for its price. but the camera and video recording quality is not that much good. Suggestible product
The phone is really good and the performance of the phone is appreciable. Thanks amazon for the quick and smooth service :)
I had no problem since i have bought it. But the apps ,if we move them to move them to SD card then it unfortunately stops.
Android one is a good phone by micromax but internal memory could be more 8gb, overall the phone worth to buy in this price.
Gud phone for 6500.,......feels lyk high end phone ,..battery shud have been little more 2000mah,.display very gud go for it
Android one is really faster as compared to other android devicess..and thanx to micromax,I did not get any issue till now..
This is a best phone in low price it have every features which a normal smart phone exists. By my opinion it is a good phone
Excellent phone. Battery life is sufficient for 3G internet user. 2GB memory for app installation is the best part of phone.
Great phone in low budget. Working nice, no problem till the date. I am satisfied with the camera quality and touch screen.
Not to buy this mobile software hhangs frequently battery Back up very bad quality of product not upto the mark . Not to buy
its nice porformance thanks micromax /google pls suggest me how to confirm my warranty ststus. other all things is good
This is not a mobile this is a very bad mobile version of Micromax. Very funny........... Please not purchase.....
Best fone for t cost. I'm using it for last 2 months. Not found any issues. Working smoothly. I'm satisfied wit t perfrmanc.
Excellent product. Does everything you require to be done. Volume is on the lower side. A big bargain at the currrent price.
Overall product performance is a good except battery. Good speed, display of the phone. For this cost its a good phone.
Its very nice but small draw back needed to be rectified I.e sound out put and ear piece speaker. Every thing else is superb
The product was delivered within two days.The phone is value for money as it has many features and it is working smoothly .
Very nice phone, I am fully satisfied with it.only problem is its battery which is 1700mah but its good phone in this range.
Have purchased this on 5th October, great phone so far, No delay in loading apps, No heating problem, great value for money.
Awesome mobile, front camera performance higher than expected. 700MB RAM available for user. Over all very good performance.
Great phone with great features. This is the first touch phone for my dad who managed to find his way around it quite easily
Best phone in this price. Smoothly running no problem occurred. But I didn't get my 10% cash back using SBI dabit card.
Micromax do well Your service is good Pack received in open condition but nothing missing. - kindly address this!
its awesome phone in range of 6500 but i just want that camera should be more clear picture quality although its good phone.
Google account is a must. Easy to use, reset, and recover! Really good cameras and flash. Is storage really limited to 8 GB?
Features are good but when we change the runtime from Dalvik to ART space left is very less and and battery backup is poor .
Very nice phine at this price, the touch is very nice and camera also good for front n back both ,better the asus zenfone 4
I HAVE PURCHASED THIS MOBILE IN JANUARY 2015 BUT I HAVE SOME MIKE PROBLEM IN THIS PHONE SO I AM TOTALLY DISAPPOINTED
Its a nice set in this budget. I have a bit battery back up problem only else its working fine. camera quality is fantastic
Great value for money. The phone with comfortable screen size, the right features and specifications at a reasonable price.
good phone, complaint is battery life is very poor, need re-charging every day,sometimes even in between. RAJIV.
Micromax Canvas A1 with Android One nice service by amazone. good phone for average users. light games surfing chating ....
Very nice mobile in this range price. Battery power is not so strong. Good for internet.screen touch is very nice. No hang.
mobile features are very good but due to unavailable of all the information of the features in the booklet need to do r & D
Its an awesome phone and I bought this phone for just ₹6500 with all the softwares from amazon.thanks for giving this offer
mobile camera failed in24 hours. send back -14-10-13. no mone back. Ask whom in amazon- God knows. VV bad - Micromax/Amazon
Micromax canvas A1 mobile is excellent, performance is excellent.very much handy, software is good gives much satisfaction.
I am using it since 1 month. It is working well. Good looking, nice display. Camera clarity is average. Worth for the money
I purches first time on amazon micromax canvas a 1. Delivery of this product very fast. powerful smartphone in your budget.
there was a little glitch in delivery states udated by courier co. on their website but delivey was promt n product is good
1st product of Google in chi-pest price. Need to send Amzone Gift voucher on priority so i can purchase another Mobile also
This is one of finest mobile i have.....I'm using iPhone and i discreetly want an amdroid....this one meets my expectations
But I couldn't find its flip cover in market. It would be better if the cover distributed (with price) along with the item.
Overall very nice Android experience .. who ever wants a phone with all necessary feature and backed up with good Software.
Apps and multimedia files are not getting downloaded, tried with 3g network as well. Even 200kb app is not getting downloaded properly. Not sure whats the issue, Micromax customer care is helpess on this issue. Even the product delivery was late than expected. will Amazon for return of the product or replacement.
Not happy. Downloading from play store was not possible after the first 2days. It was showing error 489, and this problem was not just in my phone but with all A1 phones. Camera was also not as good as a 5m.p should have been. Due to that downloading problem I had to return the phone as directed by the Micromax service centre.
so far ......so good.How ever camera stops sometimes & picture doesn,t get saved.What's App also stops on outside mumbai.
no battery back up, getting hanged, very bad experience with micromax, sold the same within four days with loss of Rs.3000
Nice phone with Good Camera and Feature at affordable price. Best part was Processor of phone. Good Brand using since 2012
Excellent packaging. Excellent phone. N excellent colour. The magnetic black looks completely different from normal black.
The Mobile was excellently packed and delivered in good condition. Micromax Canvas A1 with Android One is working greatly.
nice product looks are very good but screen size ... i feel its a bit small... heating problem when charging and using it.
the best gift i gave to my wife. every body loved it. reasonable price amazingly fast. best value for money, I would say. please suggest any one. the sifi has stopped working. it works for one minute and gets automatically off then after. Please help
overall a good phone at the price just not happy with the battery and the camera every thing else is quite good
Really it's worthy one.. WIFI superb No heat up issues less weight Battery is not up to the mark
its good phone i had ordered it for my mom very smooth no lagg ..ram is 550mb+ free and good battery life too...
Bluetooth not functioning properly. Apps cannot be transferred by shareit. Cannot connect to Windows Internet PC
Awesome Smartphone in this price range you will ever get. Better than those bulls*** Chinese cheap phones called as XIAOMI
Delivery on the same date , which is promised. The piece is nice . only problem is piece gets heated when games are played
Nice mobile in low budget ..but the updates of new android versions are not received when Google launches any new thing...
Its a good phone But the call volume is sightly low even when you put it at max Loud speaker voice is not decent
Good Phone value for money.. Battery is little short for phone (not too much), but I thinks its okey for this price range.
Great phone awesome look, but not support 3g,internet speed is also slow sometimes.but overall great phone in this budget.
I Really like this phone , it has all the features that one is needed by common people nowdays... So I love this phone (y)
Battery life sucks...without using it u need to charge the battery every morning...I had bought it as my stand by phone...
the trouble is only with battery, battery backup is less & getting heated sooner otherwise all other functions are smooth.
It is a worth for money kit, but only one thing that could have better is the camera.. it doesn't justify for 5 MP camera.
For one day every thing was fine. On 2nd day camera and flash stopped functioning. Bought this phone after giving so many thoughts, but brand proved me wrong, will never again buy this brand phone. Thanks to amazon faulty product was taken back by them. Very low output sound during call, even when speaker mode was made on.
Phone wifi gets disconnects frequently automatically which i havent never heard or experienced in any of my untill now used smartphone, sms doesn't go event after correct settings in message center no and everything. phone rings only one and doesn't ring thereafter when u receive the phone call. No file manager or gallery. It doesnt recognize as drive when u connect to ur laptop or pc. The only only good thing is it will be the very first one to get the updates from google software in terms of android. Touch is smooth and no Lags. Amazon delivery,package and service is good.
poor battery backup. dont buy
Aswm phn... I love it lots...
exellent mobile for the price
Camera is not of good quality
i bought it for my two frnds.. nice deal ..nice phone comparing to price.. bt mic problem occured to my frnds device
Here the view is very nice.But actually mobile back side is not good.It's very pale white in color.I expected pure white.
It is pathetic. The battery discharges over night, even the mobile kept idle . The battery has gone body with in 4months.
it is very good mob.. i really love it..no hanging..good internet access..nice cam..slim beauty..nice mob for the price..
Product is really value for money. This one will give other high end similar products a run for their money. A GREAT buy.
good mobile. I bought it for Rs5500.00 All updated one. I got screen guard & 8GB memory card free with A1.
Apart from the battery performance, the phone is good. Also Google promised two years of OS upgrades, so no issues there.
Excellent mobile with latest features, Battery as expected, below avg, no gallery, can be downloaded, very fast as moto G
good phone.in this budget one of the best phone. if your budget around 6 to 7 go for it. amzone ser,too good for deliver.
battery back up is very poor,can last only 20-22hour in stand by mode and in 2G it is 15hour and in 3G it is 12 hour only
It is very good and on expected lines. It was received in good packing condition and was delivered earlier than expected.
DYNAMIC !! nice phone with latest version but its battry back up is not too good still a nice lookin and cheap phone
It is best mobile in low budget. its camera quality is superb and battery backup is good. But file manager has not given.
I am very much satisfied with its performance and look. Thanks to Amazon for quick delivery of such a excellent product.
The packing was good. .... the phone arrive with everything it promises with. Looking forward to shop again wit amazon
The sim card slot not working and memory card slot also not working and the function are also not good expect android one
Stopped working after 2 weeks,waste of money please don't buy and the return policy for electronics item is only 10days!!
The phone is excellent with it's features and the new android 4.4.4 OS Except the rear speaker, everything is great.
while shifting from mobile data to wifi it's not connecting to wifi , so every time I restating my mobile to connect wifi
Excellent performance vis-vis phones worth Rs 20000 used. More superb have been to introduce android one in large screen.
I have ordered this to my dear one. As an average user,she Likes the phone very much.Excellent phone in this price range. forget about Miromax.Buy this phone with confidence. Pros- 1-Look and feel are very awesome 2-Slim and fast Cons- 1-4GB Internal(For an average user,it is fair)
Awesome phone @ this price..worth every penny Oly camera flash is little low..nice service by amazon quick delivery
Good phone .....but invoice is missing .....pls try to provide mobile bill with iemi # will be helpfull for future usage
Had a software issue once & memory card was crashed...company service was good but lost money due to crashed memory card
M!Live never works on this device. average battery life is a problem. good phone. thanks to google and android one team.
A value for money phone that performs as good as any other smartphone. Only minus point is the battery of low capacity.
Its true! Nothing like anything! I really love it. Amazon did a great job indeed this phone is Amazing. 5 stars from me.
It's not as good as google. It's getting heat while using internet and games, also hang some times during making an call
Good for the price. But delivery took soooo long even shipment arrived to local area. I had to follow 4 times to get it.
For a price of ₹6000 it's excellent and I have used this mobile for nearly a month and no hang, no hiccups. Going superb
The camera gets stuck often. Need to restart thephone almost everyday because of t this..rest of the features are fine..
Best phone in all android one phones , It swiftness is in lightning speed ,touch is best , it best phones in 7000rs
Very good mobile. Camera has a little problem . overall phone is very good. It is very good for first time android user.
Awesome mobile with great deal !! in which even a free memory card was provided !! awesome service provided by Amazon !!
This mobile good and very easy to know the software also.. Under stand normal persons. Thanks to amazon. Jaihind, Raman
I am using the mobile since 1 month. Every thing good. only disappointment is protective or leather pouch not available.
Good phone in such a price range. No hassle experienced so far in using the product. Battery should have been increased.
This product is amazing with this price. The Nexux Junior, The UI, Speed, screen clarity, sound everything is very good.
Mobile heats at the time of surfing net or playing game means using mode. bye the way good for worth in less than 6000/-
Value for money. Everything except camera is OK. Camera have some problems and require rebooting for correcting the same
phone is indeed great in all respects no doubt at all but battery is big problem need to charge every day!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Value for money, I m amazed by what it offers. I dont regret it a wee bit the decision to go for the Micromax Canvas A1
not happy with amazon.. poor packing received and this phone not support regional languages, battery drains in 5-6 hrs..
But the charger failed I am using another charger. In the interests of micromax the outsourced charger has to be changed
The best phone introduced by Google with Micromax. 4 stars since still waiting for the cash back offer along with others
Value for money. Good one in this price range. Smooth and Excellent touch, fast app loading makes a good choice..!!
I am giving 4 star rating for this product because just for 100 dollar it can meet the expectation of 200 dollar moboile
awesome mobile.... evrything in this as compare to samsung 14000 Rs mobile.. u will got this mobile just in 3850/- Rs...
Nice phone but this battery goes down so it is almost. Its camera is fine but flash not gives high light need to improve
I am using the product for over a month now. Iam very much satusfied with the phone and with its performance till date.
Great phone! Awesome touch, camera is also good. Sound quality is good. Battery is average. Happy to have this phone :)
It's simply awesome . but only negtve is charging. Works only a day. Excellent back & front Cam's with 6.5k. I loved it
My second purchase of this phone.. Definitely a masterpiece. Very Impressed with its quality, design and performance.
We have presented the phone to our realitive on his birthday so he is still not using it so I am sorry I can't update u
Awesome phone in this price range. Great features, touch response is great. Overall this phone is good.
Best phone of its class very smooth Shurly better than mend e all the options of a high end model phone really worthy.
Really worth the money.. Now that everyone can afford a smart phone.. Really a great product from google and micromax..
its a nice budget phone. its value for money. nic and no hiccups experience in a month of use. gud phone at great rate.
Good entry level phone. Amazing secondary camera and sound, just what was needed for my teenage daughter. Amazon rocks!
just one word- awesome Antutu benchmark test= 18459(self testes) good camara & perfomance at this price range
I got this phone, this is good but this does not take download apps from google play store becoz it shows error 489 .,.
I had this superb phone for one week and its work nicely&smooth. It is a little Indian dynamite to blast the rest......
Phone is amazing ,I purches this phone 17september 2014 in your schmie but I not receive cash back and discount cupans.
Fast Delivery by Amazon ! But I feel Black is better than white. If you want to go for Android one, Choose Black one !
Inspite of all the positives this phone had,the battery backup of this phone is very worst. Need to charge twice a day.
One Sim slot for the phone is defective . I am unable to use that slot .
Like everybody knows, androidone is amazing! Smooth and trouble free. However, the features of micromax keep on disappointing. While they have improved greatly on their looks and display, camera is pathetic and so is the screen resolution. Aslo, some important functions seem missing. But android one is a good experience.
An excellent budget phone with all latest and greatest features.Have good RAM and internal memory.Good value for money
processor is good. only bad thing is no inbuild filemanager and mx player and play music not showing video, music list
awesome!! you cant expect anything more in this range.. Flawless performance till now. hopfully it will stay this way.
Battery Backup is very poor, While connecting Internet signal goes down. Internal memory not visible properly and etc.
Product is nice, running smoothly as of now. almost 6 month completed after purchasing this product but no any issues,
Bought it for my relative around two months ago. Not heard any complaints till now. Seems like they are happy with it.
Got it for DAD and he is loving it, However Micromax Unite-2 A-106 is what i would still suggest, better than this one
Nice phone at rs.6000 range..performance is very good .have been using it for almost 3 months ,no complains till now..
LOts off base O.S issues still i am facing.first one main issues is in camera and its editing tools are not available.
It's a very good phone with decent price comprising most of the features. But battery back up is not even coming 1day.
This phone is great to use! But sometimes there are issues with Wifi. Other than that, this phone is worth every rupee
As an owner of S4, I am quite happy to have Canvas A1. Technically sound, features and apps laden and pocket friendly!
Value for money. I am not happy with loudspeaker sound quality and accessories.My charger has gone bad within 2 weeks.
Best phone for this price, no heating no hang and good camera. Go for this, India rocks in mobile market. Jai Micromax
Really fast performance and good screen resolution, touch sensitivity is awesome............absolutely worth the money
Stop working after 10 days; Waste of Money Now I am making circle to support centre where no known wht went wrong
Phone is very good. Thanks to google. But head phone is worse it is not fit in your ear. Please change the head phone.
there is no problem with the micromax mobile set i bought from you. however the touch screen is giving slight problem.
This is really not up to the expectation. I bought this phone and when i tried to switch it on, it just showed me an screen saver of 4 different colored bolls rolling around the screen nothing else. I didn't get started. I am really unhappy with the phone and i am going to return this phone. Really pathetic.
i saw this phone on 28 september and also ordered it after 3 days i got it , at the payment i check it was litte hot after i play and download games for only 1 hour and the mobile was overheating so what i do. After one day it was overheating and the battery was going down ,so i am rating this phone only one star
It is a good smart phone... Using it from several months... Not problem yet. Everything is workings smoothly on this.
Would call it value for money. At least in the price tag this was the best option I could look for. Works like charm.
Its cool handset for this price , the configuration/ build quality , battery back all fine all in all its a good deal
Nice phone Games are running smoothly MC4 ASPHALT 8 at high graphics Camera is also good at this Price
Awesome service by amazon.in really. and talking about the device i just have two words to say "AWE SOME" ...
Except the 2nd sim detecting and fair camera quality(not looks like a 5MP) rest of the features of this one are good.
not much happy, there is no flip cover and screen guard with this product, where now phone has got scratches backside
Amazing phone,very smooth,good Barry back up. What more you can find great at dis price. Loving the whole experience.
Phone is great but facing one issue My wifi stops working after a while have to restart the phone to work so annoying
Find all good till now. Amazing touch and the phone interface is like the Google phone that think like the most.
I am very much satisfied with this mobile. Only draw back will be battery back up. Other features are good.
A good value for money. Has most features of high end phones.The only problem is the call ringing volume is very low.
Fully satisfied. The best part is "ultimate configuration in lowest possible price"!! And very sleek design.
Its A great BUy and Best Budget Phone smooth and Fast and Pure android experience Even Camera is good
Excellent android in low price... Thanks micromax .... Thanks amazon... I really like it..feature are also very good
the headphone is used one i think as it is not working properly as some disturbance used to appear whenever i use it
pretty decent phone within under 6k, i bought it at 5.5k with free sg and mmc. only thing is late update from google
Very good handy fone. I m satisfied with its performance.with this low budget i would say encased maximum features..
Battery is not upto the mark rest features are very good for ist time smart/android users.Camera is not at all good.
Gud new android one mobile already got the updates from lollipop without even its release. Great delivery by Amazon.
Wonderfull Phone realy very smooth. Fast access .Handy But Battery back up Is quite Bad \ otherwise Worthy
Net connectivity is so poor...i do not connect net ditrectly....when i change operator then after i used internet...
Its a good phone...working smoothly only battery backup is not up to the mark still I am telling it is a good phone.
phone is good but the battery back up is very poor.if u use internet under 3g battery charge will be over very soon.
Hardware is good but Andriod version is worse. There is many things to improve. very bad experience with this phone.
This device is extremely easy to use, gaming experience is awesome without lagging & hanging - value for your money.
A good Smartphone, having smooth touch,very good camera, good battery, Thanks to amazon and micromax for the product
Camera is not good, battery back up is also not good.overall expectations regarding this range phones, it is costly.
Good Phone! Value for Money .. However, the screen visibility is poor in day sunlight and it reflects your own image
It is simply awesome...In this expensive world,if u wanna get high class service at a cheap rate then go this one...
I bought this for my daughter. She is very happy with the piece. She is appreciating the technical facilities of it.
I'm just damn happy using his phone. Great features. The sound is mind blowing. Everything about this is so perfect!
phone is good....but sound is very slow while calling.. Also IMEI number of the phone is not written on Invoice
(1) Any slight movement of object gives ghost images - this is probably because of problems in shutter speed - this could not be adjusted (2) There is heating problem (3) For dual sim battery back up is not good (4) The settings in messages, camera and many other programs are not user friendly
Very fast delivery from amazon. Excellent phone for its price range. Ultra smooth. Better battery performance than expected. The phone works with all mobile carriers. It works like a charm with bsnl, breaking the rumour that it runs only with Airtel sim. Recommended phone at this price range.
Great buy! Worth for the money you put in. Performance of the phone is quite impressive and the touch is very responsive. Though battery life is a concern. Never the less go for it if you are looking for a smart phone with a significant budget. Delivery was made in time and was beautifully packed. Cheers!
very good phone battery backup is good almost whole day with internet connectivity camra also good have no otg
within three months my mobile charger not working of micromax canvas A1 with android one within one year guarreente
Excellent Phone within Budget. Camera quality is very good. It has with Class 6 MircoSD card not Class 4.
Best feature phone at this price group.....but battery capacity is less than my expectation....but overall best....
Could not download any stuff from the play store.. Had to use Mobogenie to download apps.. Other things were okay..
Very smooth , no lags, no heat up..best andriod experience..battery life last one day for me with dual sim mode on.
Screen is big, build quality is good, touch sense is good. Game performance is good at this price range.
really an awesome mobile , and a great mobile to buy under 10k .,,. i have moto g, redmi , moto e , android one ,.
Other than the battery, everything works excellent! Battery could have easily lasted a little longer, say 2250mah..
nice phone 4 this price. only one issue reg its battery....it exausts quickly...atleast it should hv been 2000mh...
Nice... Stock android, gives a feeling of using nexus like mobile.... Except camera, every thing is awesome...
best buy really value for money. But Battery is not fulfill my expectation 1700mah is not suitable for this product
battey is not good but the mobile is v good at its price and it is delievered before time thanx to amazon
Its Ok There is no file manager and even without inserting external memory card U are not able to take the pictures
NICE PRODUCT. ONLY PROBLEM ONE MIGHT FACE IS BATTERY BACKUP WHICH IS NOT UP TO THE MARK. REST ALL IS GOOD
very handy n easy to use,good battery back up,cheap in cost wise,awesome look .....overall great phone by micromax.
dont buy dis phone pls . i got dis phone from amazon no battery life inbuild apps like my file and gallary missing
On second day of use, suddenly no longer able to catch proper signal strength from Wi-Fi modem. Unable to download any apps. (On the other hand my iPad is responding very well to the same Wi-Fi modem). While using as a phone, difficult to properly hear the other party, as the voice level is too low.
1. Great value for the price. More than meets expectation at the price. 2. Pretty smooth interface and no lag whatsoever. 3. Camera is good but no stunner. 4. Kitkat without customization is the best. 5. Superb delivery and customer service from Anazon-delivered way ahead of schedule.
Its wow for a beginner user
Value for money smartphone.
I like this phone very much
Amazon is superb, have never been disappointed till date. I recieved a genuine product at a veey reasonable price.
The packaging was great and secure. Although I received it 3 late than I expected, its pretty much worth the wait.
I bought this phone 1 month ago, after using 1 month I feel happy to buying this phone, a very nice phone under 6k
Nice Product at this price. Never lag or hand. Smooth experience. Camera is not that good but OK. Value for money.
Best mobile phone in the range of 5k to 7k bucks!!! Very nice service by Amazon.in!!!! Amazon.in rocks!!!!!!!
good phone specification at unbelievable price but doesn't work very well with 2G connections ,works fine with 3G.
battery is not good. and u will not find much options for system settings. go for Redmi 1s. Much better than this.
It's the best ever phone in this category. It works flawlessly without any lag . Moreover battery life is amazing.
Overall good product with decent battery feedback. Good phone with basic functionality that includes all features.
Its Too good some Other phones.. very fast and but processor is hitting while doing charging. or playing game ....
Processor is very good so mobile works very good but, battery backup is 1 day(12) only. Camera also excellent. but after 3 months get major problem, service center sent that mobile to company for repair and it get near about 30 days to repair, but service center also not giving other mobile phone to use during this time. and on the micromax website wrong telephone and mobile number.
The phone is very good for a price tag of 6000. Does not hang.. Processes all important apps without any problems.
Very useful phone at reasonable pricing. All advance features are there . Display and performance is satisfactory.
Excellent Phone as i know for best price...recommended...can play all high end games...good quality in micromax...
100% SATISFIED WITH THE PHONE, BUT SORRY TO SAY WHILE BOOKING I HAVE NOT RECEIVED ANY PROMOTIONAL GIFT AS DECLARED
Excellent phone It has all the features.camera quality is a bit disappointing. Rest everything thing is good.
Nice phone .every things OK but battery back up not so good.when u start net. To use its running maximum 4-5 he's.
that's a great smart phone for which I wait for a long time . thank to MMX & GOOGLE for offering this smart phone.
nice set...everything perfect so far and price plus 10% cashback makes it more wonderful. Android one is grt *****
There is no file manager,music player not effective but wi- fi connectivity and touch sensevity so much impressive
It's an awesome phone. Camera is good. Performance is good. Over all the best choice for even mid range customers.
The Battery is a bit poor, else its a good phone at this price. Battery drains very fast compared to other phones.
All features and function are well only one thing which is disappointing me that is video call or 3g not supported
good phone.. but battery is not gud. didn't received amazon coupens and memory card which came free is not working
At such a low price, it has all the basic requirements of a costly smart phone. My utility value is achieved 100%.
Wow...... I am suprised after seeing the mobile. Great features with awesome design. Even price satisfied me alot.
its very good phone pic clarity is very good . superb phone with 5 mp n 2 mp font camera touch is also very smooth
Yeah Its just OK Not so good Price is decreasing on a daily basis The hike is only artificial hike
A superb performance with a 1 which do i get n according to the information provided in brosure with mobile phone
Battery issues. battery getting drained in 4-5 hrs without Mobile data on. I have requested for replacement.
The phone restarts itself all of a sudden frequently when I use the camera. Otherwise I like the phone very much
The best phone ever Micromax made.So smooth to touch and has pure android .It's worth buying. Recommended to buy.
Simply saying the best in the android one segment. If your budget is below Rs 7000 then this is the phone to buy.
The battery is worse, not getting even one day backup. Volume is not clear. Finally not a good product.
Good Phone. Disadvantage, we cant perform conference call from this phone and battery getting discharge soon
Good Phone; I have been using this for the past 1 month; till now no problem; internet good speed; nice mobile;
A total value for money product. Way to go Micromax!! Battery last for a day only if used extensively.
Too good a phone to be with. I think it is better to spend our money here rather than spending on the 40K units.
Good fone for this price Built quality is nice feel good not feel like low Phone is smooth operating
A good phone. Feels like a small nexus device. if you want a good entry level smartphone, then go for it!!!!
There is no viedio call opn. And not dubbule kee & many option are misssed in amdroed phone . tkanks rajvinayak.
Zakass piece hai...! In this price they are giving all things u need in android phone..! Except camera quality..!
I am using Micromax mobile for the first time. its really amazing. Prefer Micromax and be part of promoting India
Using for more than two weeks. No snag obserbed. Battery backup not sufficient. Reg Amazon delivery was in time.
If I am running more then 5 application at a time mobile is hang or stuck until unless I didn't get any problem.
One of the good one i have ever buyed to this cost. totally i loved the design and the latest version of andriod.
Camera quality is not as expected, since 5MP camera quality to be more. Comparing its rate its a wonderful phone.
The Product is good. But I have complaint against Amazon as promised when and where can I find Rs. 2000 vouchers?
Yes micromax a1 meet my expactation ...bt stil i didnt get my offer like 10% cash back and coopans worth 2000 etc
Touch is Smooth,no hanging problem.but I notice set become hot when playing game.camera quality not satisfactory.
Hi frnds. The only problem is low sound while we talk with others . otherwise the phone is superb for low budget.
Very good configurations with this money value. Very slim phone. Camera quality is not up to the mark.
It is almost 5 months and there are no problem and so many features ,I got my mobile on time also .thanks amazon
Bluetooth not working properly...touch screen is not very responsive. No guidelines on after sales service.
Very good value for money. Build quality for given price point is good. Pure Android experience is amazing.
It is the best ever smartphone I ever used. Its Fantastic Marvelous Amazing and specially at such a genuine cost
Please do not go for this instrument. The incoming voice volume in not at all audible. You can just use as a toy
best phone it got all the features for its price and its a good competition for other phones which are above 10k
Awesome service by Amazon. Mobile is really the best gift for my parents and now they are in touch with me 24/7.
good phone everything is good in this phone except camera in day camera quality is ok but in night blurry photos
So far good. But memory card still showing empty. Could not find how to transfer photos or files to memory card.
Phone features is good but when we charging the phone it is over heating and camera has problem pls dnt buy it
Battery should be more strong, some heating issue is there. All other functions and features are very good.
No lag , no heating problem like other low end smartphones , a good and recommended phone for multitasking .....
I bought this phone when it was launched .. software updates happened and now my phone wouldnt switch on at all
Very cool phone and a fast processor update to lollipop was also there so the best phone for a reasonable price
I Like it but it was under a promo special offer which include flip cover also but flip cover was not given....
Nice handset at a very cheaper rate. Android L (5.0) is also coming. Additionally good delivery time of Amazon.
I paid 6,500 and received a cell phone with features you find in cell phone of 20,000. Over all excellent.
Phone is good, meet most of the expections apart from camera, its picture and video recording quality. ....@@!!
Problem with Bettery it doesn't remain long time as mention in that feachours. So company look into this matter
It have all thing that a expensive mobile have, it preffered for a budget and it is released by google itself.
The best one in the current price range with all necessary android features currently available. Its awsome :)
Excellent Google orating smart phone..every can buy it...only battery time is not well about 7 hrs only backup.
Battery is not the expectation and remaining or ok...camera also not up to the mark but it is ok with the price
Nice Phone in Low Budget. But Phone is getting very hot when we talking with others & Running Apps..
not bad .... if u use internet for at least 5 minutes u can use it an iron box also... or make bread toast..!!!
its excellent phone.good packaging done by amazon,it's battery backup super,camera is excellent overall awesome
The product was delivered on time with items as described online. Very happy with the performance of the phone.
Its a good phone, cost could have been a little low but otherwise a nice one. Delivered in one day. Good job.
It is very nice mobile and the proceser having good speed. The only problem is that its battery has short life.
The applications and softwares while downloading is quite slow. besides the processor speed is also a bit slow.
Its a good phone in this range. But having some jerks and issue with Wi-Fi... Otherwise it is very good phone.
Its a good product with android kitkat version(4.4) . Everything is fine except the speaker volume is low.
Good phone on this price...!! Hardware and screen resolution is great... But camera quality is poor.
Nice phone and everything in the phone is good but I want to know how to connect the device to the windows 7 pc
Micromrx A1 is super duper
Best phone such a low cost
Nice phone at cheap price.
Battery backup is very low
Great Phone. I am happy :)
Received box pack piece on time kudos! To amazon Overall quality of product is good but piece is very delicate It fell from 3feet height and screen got a crack... Very good performance and android one is very good..but if build is not good then it's not worth.
Mobile speaker is not working. Able to hear caller voice only using head phone. Returned the item immediately.
* Front camera is awesome. :) * About touch, it is not good. I * Less heating. * All over fine.
Good phone, with most features. Battery average, android 5.0 yet to come, though some phones have received it.
3 months and still going strong. 1 year is the target for this phone.. if it dies after that, i wont complain. Re-writing my review. For the last one year, I had become a fan of Micromax. Cheaper phones, high configuration etc. I purchased 3 mobiles a tablet and a TV. All from Micromax. Exactly one year after I got the First Micromax phone (purchased on 18th March 2014, problem started 13th March 2015). (display issues, dead battery, no network) Another phoen purchased around april 2014 and problem started feb 2015. (display issues, dead battery, no network) Micromax customer care is pathetic. they wont help you at all. I tried reaching out to local micromax service stations in Hyderabad. 4 out of 6 addres given are fake and the contact numbers never work. Highly dissappointed with the experience. I can understand that I paid less when compared to branded devices, but this is pathetic. I'm never gonna buy any more micromax devices. enough spent. Thanks Micromax for letting me know how CHEAP you guys are.
It has been just a month and this is working as expected although i still need to explore lot of its features.
Battery doesn't even make it through one day. And I don't even use more than 2 apps at a time. Defective item.
I have downloaded LED Notifier App on MCA1 but it's settings are not working. Only red and green is available.
Good choice for the price range.Google support for software make it even better.I like this product very much.
the product is good . camera is also good. touch is faster as compared to other phones in the same price range
All is good... It would be 5 star if it could give better battery life (1700 mAh is for below average user...)
I am a senior citizen.This is my first smart phone and I like it. I have recommended it to many of my friends.
Amazing product micromax has been released ever at that price And thanx to Amazon for its nice packaging.
M loving ths device, nthng mch can be expected at ths price, and m happy to use indian made product! Jai hind!
Excellent phone, value for money and prompt despatch by Amazon..One needs a battery backup.depending on usage.
suppperb smart phone dear friends... gaming experience is amazing performance is remarkable ...
Unfortunately the mobile is unable to read sim cards.Pl advise corrective measures to be taken or replacement
Great phone for the price but sometimes it gets heated up at the back near camera but otherwise awesome phone.
Very poor quality. .worst battery. . Got very hot after even usage of even 2-3 mins. Will not recommend at all
It's really amaz"on"ing and simply superb....and finally technology will reach every individual.......
in comparison to its price the telephone instrument seems wonderful.the service from AMAZON is also excellent.
Good phone in this package but battery and camera are let downs. However camera may improve with new Android L
Assured Google updates for 2 yrs at the same instant as Nexus, and very decent hardware. I'm in love with this
Amazing product in this price range. Will recommend to everyone who wants good phone in reasonable price.
It has a killer look!!! I bought this phone for gifting purpose and it really won the heart of my special one!
The packing, delivery and phone was good. However the major problem is that 2 sims do not work simultaneously.
Best phone with good Price..I don't know y people r saying display quality is not good..I find it impressive..
Just hopeless and faulty piece, I have received. Micromax Service is just further hopeless. Do not buy!!!???
the specifications of the phone are worth for the price..... really a good phone.. smooth performance.........
Its an wonderful mobile for an budget people....its looks and performance were great..which I have expected..
Amazing value Fairly decent camera Good specs and performance ... It's a good screen too.Value for the money.
Its a very good phone for the price. Got it on amazon offer. Its a brilliant bargain and recommended to many.
After three month mother board has been defect. .and till now I didn't receive the phone from service center.
Awesome phone.... Best phone at this rate... But I found the camera is not so good...but is fine...
The performance worth its price. I like the phone. The best economy smart phone currently available in india.
Hello, This Phone Is Very Nice And Function Are Very smoothly work And main Price Are Very Low Budget phone.
It is absolutely best phone there is no doubt on it . screen size processor speed and everything is good
Wonderful phone. Working manual will help in operating the phone better. Make available the manual on the net
Great product at this price range,very smooth touch no lagging. Really good product from micromax and google.
Very good experince with this phone. love google for launching such good plateform at such affordible prices.
Good smartphone at this price.Using for last one month and never had any problem.I suggest this phone to all.
network problem in micromax.sometime network missing means don't show network when restart phone than it came
Phone very good for use.. But amazon is not better service because some problems like that cash back ..
the phone is good by look wise, but wifi connectivity is too slow if any settings is there please let me know
It's a great phone to own at this price range.. No complicated features. Does all the basic stuff properly.
Touch screen complaint. Deposited at Service center within one week. Waiting for last two weeks for delivery.
Very good phone from Micromax. Features are great and very easy to use. Will recommend to buy this phone
I bouth this phone on 13 Oct but the app is not dwnld on play store,,play store does not work,, poor phone,,,
Wanted delivery after 5 pm but person was at my door at 4 pm. Had to call my family member to rush home.
Value For Money, the performance is good and the camera at this category is pretty good. I really love it....
This is very good phone and not a big expensive and working is very good so all the function are really good.
Google did a really great job by introducing android one phones. Waiting for getting android Lollipop in this
I put 16gb card .and its not reading ... What should I do now ..and without GB card its camera is not working
BATTERY IS VERY POOR. IT CAN NOT LAST MORE THAN 2 HOURS THAT ALSO WITHOUT USE. I WILL RETURN THIS. UNEXPECTED
Amazing device! Love the features.. Very prompt and timely delivery by Amazon Really awesome price-point
After a few months its GSM module died, got a free service from Micromax and now working fine with Lollipop.
The Best Budget smartphone. Thank you google, android, micromax and Amazon for giving the best at low price.
I really love this phone.its very smooth just like nexus 5...in other words its nexus phone in lowest price.
Not getting any updates as they hyped while launching, don't waste ur money and time by looking for updates
This is a perfect value for money pdhone. Very good performance, good camera. Battery is little weak though.
excellent phone with good features,looks very pretty and easy to handle .it offers long battery period also.
Phone is good. Working fine.. But battery back up is little bit low. Earphones are working only on one side.
According to its Price, Phone is worth ! Finally its a google product! U cant doubt on it at all! :) ;)
It is completely worth full phone. You can not get better in this price. Works very smooth with sleek design
Micromax Canvas A1 is a nice mobile in its range..google chose a good platform through micromax and others..
Micromax Canvas A1 with Android One (Magnetic Black) is good but weak battery, not more than 3 hours backup.
Good performance at affordable price. Camera will be useful for video chat, quality is low when taking pics.
best on this range i luv the phone and i lyk delivery tym for first tym after tht tyming of delivery is slow
battery is weak, but over all nice experience.. for deep specification you can contact me at www.fb/akki.ism
Nice phone at this price! Much better than Chinese phones which are always in news for the wrong reasons. :)
Great improvement by micromax touch is too good, Screen resolution can be improved...not up to the mark
Ordered the black one..... lets see..... i'm waiting micromax and amazon... hope you don't disappoint me....
A budget phone with all specs(minimum) best part is voice to text...hatss off for the improvisation google..
Network problem too much.Unfortunately map has been stopped to many times.Don't go for it.Wasteage of money.
The phone is awesome at looks. Slim. The best thing about mobile is you can move almost all apps to SD card.
Not happy with service. Very late delivered. Coupon was mentioned but not given. WiFi doesn't work properly.
This is my second phone unfortuntely my first android one ( Black) was stolen in Pune City Bus within one month of purchase, now purchase second one. This is the best phone of micromax and google in 65k. all the feaures are awesome the tuoch is very smooth. Screen display is slightly poor. camera is also good. no loss in 65k. thats why i bought the second one soon after the theft of first one.
A1 micromax bad phonee as battery backup is low, device heating high.camera hangs , sim memory cannot delete
Good except camera quality but I did not get cash back because of inadequate terms and conditions of amazon,
Superb Phone..with perfect pricing...perfect features...and perfect Seller..MICROMAX...I love my INDIA...!!!
Matched my expectations, but apps updation alarte not yet received.So I gave 4 star. Otherwise it's awesome!
Excellent phone meeting all my requirements and is very fast compared to other mobiles. Keep it up micromax.
Free updates for six months upto 200 Mb for airtel user..... where it is Can anybody tell how to get it
Mobile performace is good and all types of videos are play in this mobile overall mobile is nice i liked it
Bought this within minutes of launching. Specs on other phones doesn't matter if you are stuck with old software after purchasing it. This is stock android, which means it can be upgraded to Android L and so on. And if it's an android phone, it got to be Stock! More over, this makes a great gift! Bought this for my wife, and will be buying one for my sister aswell :)
One of the best chippest smartphone by Micromax and Google.... nice display clearity sound camera etc.etc..
phone working fine till date . good one i recommend this for economy class with limited apps and functions
Good Mobile, gifted to my wife. Rich look and cost effective. Micromax Canvas A1 is a good quality product.
Within 15 days all keys in line of back key stopped working. Till today I have not received repaired phone.
It is really a smart phone on smart price, must buy if any one plane to buy a smart phone within 6k to 6.5k
Its a great phone at a low price. It has all that you need in a smartphone at a Budget friendly price tag.
so far so good, would like to still know how do i download the free apps airtel besides wats, up, and viber
Superb phone in this price range... But main drawback is battery... 2times charging needed in single day...
Smooth performance of the phone but micromax should work on its display ppi is very low thn other devices.
Its a good phone at this cost. I'm happy with the speed I can switch between apps running at the same time.
phone is great.. but the packing needs to more than just a cardboard it should be added the bubble wrapping
Miceomax canvas Android one is nice.Fast in downloading.Given Bateray capacity is not enough for the device
Battery performance is below average,also net browsing is little slow.Else everything is fine on this rate.
Touch is good as compared to other micromax,everything is good.BT it doesn't have file manager.awesum phone
Ya man!!! This phone is pretty sleek!! Good material..nice asthetics!! Google & micromax..thanks a lot!! :)
gr8 phone in this budget touch is very smooth thank you micromax for launching such a beautifull phone
Phone is getting hot while speaking. and the battery back up is very less. Everything else is very good....
Amazing phone. Everything is perfect but earphones quality is not better. Finger crossed I love this phone.
this phone can beat any other android phones with price wise and quality wise and of course the design*****
Why micromax canvas a1 cudnt give 8gb memory card When first relies the phone he gives 8gb memory card
Mobile has only one problem is battery back up is very less compared to moto e and other this ranges mobile
Absolutely Value for Money. The phone comes with everything you need. What more do you want for this price.
Every thing about every phone cannot be 100% but at a 6.5k price this is one of the best options available.
My mobile charge adapter is not working when i got the parcel.. and it was badly packeged..................
Just blindly buy it guys, it z too good in such a lower price. love u Google, Micromax and Amazon _/\_
It was worth the price...
Its really a nice service
VERY GOOD MOBILE FOR US .
Bought this for my mom.Very slick product with authentic and bloatware free lolly pop Great buy
Really good phone .. Lollipop is smooth without bugs.. Only concern is the storage.. So rating it 4 stars.
After using 5 month experience good phone at this price cons bad image quality at night but at day awesome
Micromax android one is good but camera of this phone disappointed me..... But other things are good.. :-)
It is good but the features are not that good as we have to download most of the things i.e: photo gallery
I bought this for 4999/- awesome phone in so less price range. I m very happy by its perfomance. Till yet.
More than what you can expect in this 6k price segment. Lottery for all who are slightly on budget. Kudos.
Wifi was not working so i have returned this product. Amazon is really good in returning the faulty pieces
The phone is good but the battery is very poor... I have to charge it for every 3 - 4 hour... disappointed
very good phone file manager is not in this phone so you cannot send music file using Bluetooth.
Much much better than what s*** samsung gave,i also hv samsung grand2 bt ANDROID ONE IS JUST AMEZZINNNGGGG
Its a very nice one and also at a affordable price. Its just awesome to have such a device at such a price
Quick battery drain. Phone heats up suddenly. Not worth even for that price. Amazon delivered it promptly.
Canvas A1 is good smart phone in lowest cost. Yes though rare camara is 5 m, in darkness its not workable.
Nice product. Pros:performance, battery, OS update Cons: Display & Camera. Best for gamers.
Nice mobile with nice hardware good price with nice display with ips but display contrast is not that much
Very good product. Just i have ordered it and the product was in my hands within 3 days. Its a nice phone.
Pros: Good phone at this price range Cons: Battery backup is not that Good. Front Camera is not good.
very good phone in this price range.... gaming performanceis is also good..mm camera quality is awesome...
Not bad , battery back up slide low,others very okk in this price.plus amazon offer very much attractive.
Don't buy it if u want a good look mobile and camera or battery backup.. Try it for amazing software... !!
Awesome phone in this price but to use free coupen of Rs.2000 we have to purchase items of around Rs.10000
Best android phone ,many apps for downloads, good one like it. only problem is the speaker it is not good.
Look vise good but when you use its not well. You can't talk for more then 5 -7 Minitue phone will hotter
Its my first android mobile .i am very glad to use this mobile ....... so i m enjoing this mobile ........
Mobile looks good .However Sim card did not detect in mobile set which is main component of mobile phone.
Excellent Smart Phone.I purchase it on 23.09.14 at just Rs:6499(With 10% case back) it is very nice phone.
Awesome smartphone with awesome speed ❤❤❤ ✌
Micromax canvas A1 Phone is good excellent product in 6499 No lag at all after using for 3 weeks
The phone features are good but signal that it is getting is very weak. I am unable to use it as a phone.
Canvas A1 ( android 1 ) disappointed all expectations. Most of the apps Hangs friquently. Yahoo mail app unable to access. 3G network not working properly even if in good range. Get heated while using inernet & calls. Poor quality head phones.
Wonderful mobile phone.Superb look. Good performance. A very good product by Micromax. No need to think again and again...simply go for it. Micromax is a reliable brand with good service. Moreover, Micromax is an Indian brand....always prefer Indian brands first....
My fon is heating up so mch...it takes unusually longer tym to charge...n still gets discharged quickly..
Gifted this to my brother and he likes it for its- features, performance. Picture quality is good as well
very nice mobile made by micromax with Google....... all features are good but upradation of is fake news
after 4 months charging problem encountered and there is no authiorised service centre of micromax mobile
awesome phone...worth every penny...and updates are for sure...android one is my pick at this price range
This is one of the best phone in this price range... The only thing its missing is the OTG capability....
I have the phone and it is working really well ... My question is that wen is it going to get android 5.0
Nice phone, latest OS, nice performace, decent camera in this price range. More battery capacity required
i'm using this phone...its a very good in this price list... just wanted to say it's very good phone
Simply awesome. Overall good experience, great value for money. Average battery life disappoint sometime.
All apps is ok but I am expecting 2 more apps like what's app & Face book is not available in the mobile.
Bought on 02.11.2014, As of now, the phone is doing well. Let me wait & see how it goes on in long run...
best phone at this price range.. but battery is not good. camera is not good. otherwise its a awesome buy
Micromax is really very good mobile with latest kitkat os and if we will talk about speed that is superb.
One of the best ever phone that I purchased......and in one word to say its "AWESOME",
Get heated within 5 minutes......also network capturing power is low.....battery is less than average....
Its a good phone with this price tag.....fast and reliable....no lag so far...... Android one rocks......
Its a good Phone.... Loved it... Only problem is that I could not find the "call logs" option....
The phone and accessories arrived on time, in good shape. The screen guard could have been of matt finish
Overall phone is good but some time lock button needs hard push like HTC and it is not connecting via USB
nice support and supporting team.please add the item replacement option also.thank u so much my dera team
For the price this device is amazing, it performs well...exceeded my expectations. Very happy to have it.
I like the phone, it is nice to have such phone in this price range,amazon also provide 8 GB card .Thanks
Set is good but problem in the battery. It is to be charged often. Quality of of battery to be improved.
The delivery was faster than expected. Cameras are not up to the mark though. But all in all a good phone
This product is nice but the thing is that amazon did not give us the gift coupons. KICK THEIR ASS>..
Simple smart phone, my first, good for the price .light weight and my daughter loves to play games on it.
Poor battery performance. When using Mobile data battery is drain quickly. File manager is not available.
this phone is amazing...hats off to google for launching such a wonderful phone at such reasonable prices
It is an awesome phone at this price and in my opinion it is better than any random phone in this bracket
The Phone is good. But I am not able to make 3G Video Calls. Also downloads from Play Store is a nighmare
Hi...I just bought this phone. But can't find 'My Files' option where I can look my SD card . plz help me
Camera Clarity is awesome....Display is even good...i think on this price point its one of the best phone
Battery is too bad.it get hot on charging after 10 minutes.and also get hot after using 10 to 15 minutes.
Low price and excellent phone. I am using since 3 months, no problem with the device. Excellent working.
Best phone in very affordable price...thanks micromax for this awesome product..bought this in October..
Desi nexus 4 Good phone Best in this price you can get Amazon service are great
horrible battery life...its not even 6 months and the battery is worth nothing...very disappointed.
Awesome phone. Lightning fast. Totally meets expectation. Best phone in this range. Definitely worth it.
the phone is a complete one with all specs i looked for. its cheaper and the performance is really good.
Delivery gliches. i want compensation for this. i was prepaid . but asking money 2 times .very bad.
worth phone in its price category.. unavailabily of disabling sim cards gives it negative points...
But touch very sensitive,put on shirt pocket only not in jeans . battery not officiant better 2000 MAH.
Gallery and My files option is not there in the phone. Hence it becomes very difficult to access images.
Truly Desi Nexus. It is the most liquid interfaced phone you can get it in this range. I'm really happy.
it is easy to manage and features are simple to operate, I love having Micromax Canvas A1 as my mobile.
this device is very good as compare to others other android phones. no lagging, no hanging. very smooth.
A few issues with connecting to wify sometimes and also faced a problem with the touch screen sometimes.
Very best service and good product from Micromax at this price range and better than moto e and redmi 1s
It's gud, worth Wat were pay. Features are gud. for a mid end phone nothing can be than better than.this
Very good smartphone at this cheap price i think it the best In this budget and again amazon gr8 service
Advantages: * user friendly * cost is ok disadvantage: gallery is not availble
It is Good one. Only battery back up is less. Hope it will improve. One can buy it with this price.
While ordering it was mentioned free 8 gb card and scratch guard cover. After processing it disappeared.
Mobile is really good..... its camera and Battery performance is better than average mobile. :) :)
bought it from local market at Rs 5900.awesome performance..battery could be 2000mh. Front cam seems vga
The mobile is Very good looking ,But batery backup very poor & I HV not get my offers as described by u.
It is ok. but the battery lasts for just 2 hours - no proper response from the supplier when approached.
You won't get a better cellphone in this range . A nice phone without any lag and a nice built quality .
It's too good. Supurb speed and camera is awesome. Go for it. Hats off to MMX
amzing quality and speed..... no lag at all ....i played asphalt 8 with music playing in background.. :)
Best phone at this price
worth product !! Awesome
Very poor camera n sound
A good buy in budget. Android One has many great features that will make you happy in this price money.
superb product .. i love this.. but airtel is total embrassed me .. because i can not get free update..
Phone is really good as per the prices. If you want a phone in 6-7k and with stock android, this is it.
Nice phone and realy appreaciteable service provided by amazon. Thank you. Ismail
this mobile is within the budget. nice front cam. Handy and looks beautiful with serene white!!!!!
very nice phone according to price range Must buy best budget phone with powerful performance
good phone ..when we start browsing screen will heat,other than this product is good for this range....
Camera is not good pixel wise and also design wise. Phone not met my expectation. overall it's average.
Its more than a month using this phone and running smoothly. It's value for money. Go for it... ;)
It's very nice but battery backup very low... .but it is middle class price high class performance
Unbelievable Powerful Phone It is... in this Price and as well as phone build quality also wonderful :)
Excellent phone. User friendly. I did not receive pouch or body cover to protect the equipment. Thanks.
Fantastic phone . Excellent ear phone. Great value for money. thousand times better than asus genfone 4
Its a complete package. I call it Nexus's younger sibling. A fully packed gadget for all your needs. :)
really good phone. micromax has disappointed me always, but this time, itz moved on with smartness
Too early for a full assessment. Seems good and cost effective. Battery can do with a little more mAh .
A good product which amaze feature in small and light weight compact device used to addicted
Good in this price range thanks to google to make it but battery performance poor and camera is average
Very Good Handset. Recommended to my friends and they are happy with it too. Best Product in the range.
Great product and prompt delivery by Amazon!!. Still waiting for the gift voucher which was promised :(
Android one phone is nice phone and amazing Features and comfortable to use and within low budget .....
my memory card which came with the phone stopped working and i am unable to contact you guys. pls help
nice and better phone of micromax hardware and google software.it is a phone and good for your budget.
you want budget cheap smartphone ,this is perfect one for you ! still 16 -03-15 ( no lolipop update ) ,battery sucks (terrible),lacking sometimes,kind of slow performence,
I bought 2 mobiles at the time of launching.It's working very smooth.Thank u Amazon 4 speedy delivery.
Sir it is nice , it has lot of options, speed software, good display, clarity picture, I am satisfied.
I like this mobile mobile but internal we cant used for extra storage i.e. it only for app and system.
good phone with specs worth for its price in simple words excellent for use and worth for money
Is Nice Phone with all good feautures for lowest price. Picture Quality and operating system are good.
first time user of Android phone & its amazing except the battery problem very low. but its very nice.
Very much satisfied wid da service of amazon..... N android one amazing piece with reasonable price...
where is the file manager? I can notsend any pic, music or other through bluetooth. Not too good phone
This is amazing product without any complain. At lowest price this mobile fulfill our all demands
Worth the money spend.A really good smart phone with so much of features.Only drawback is the battery.
Good Phone for starters, who use bit advanced functionality and is not behind brand and screen quality
EXCELLENT SET. VALUE FOR MONEY. LONG BATTERY LIFE. SUPERB. BIBHU DUTTA PADHY BANGALORE
Good product in low price range. Design is good, handy to use and operat. Image quality is acceptable.
thanx Amazon .. excellent products. camera quality so good. as compare redmi 1s andriod one is super..
Very very nice mobile compare to high end mobiles...value for money...camera quality is good enough...
Micromax canvas AI is working perfectly now. Hassle free operation. so far, the performance is good.
Camera is good in this price but video resolution is not up to the mark.design and look is very simple
Micromax canvas a1 is value for money but package will be better if it will come with flip cover also
awesome phone. good speed welldone micromax . but one problem I didn't got the 8gb sd card in the box.
Received excellent product with best value. It's only on AMAZON which is making us in real sense AMAZ
this mobile is good, but little bit issue with battery, it drain soo fast. otherwise everything is ok.
this is nice1,everything is good,but battery working 1day only,otherwise everything is good,i like it.
Excellent product easy to operate incoming voice is low not able to hear loudly any solution pl advice
this a good phone in it's category, screen is handy, battery is better and camera quality is the best.
This phone is just awesome just can't get anything better than this. Hats off to google and micromax .
received the phone on 7/10/2014... Using the phone for 2 days i realize that the battery is draining out with in 10 to 12 hrs, though i played only for a few minute(about 30 min) but screen brightness was full and gps, wifi & net was on all the time.
I LOVE THIS PHONE THIS IS THE FIRST PHONE IN BUDGET WITH ALL FEATURES AND ALSO UPDATED TO ANDROID 5.1
Good product. Its as good as any full fledged expensive smartphone. For 6000 its real value for money
Great mobile it made me happy.only problem is internal space is less for gamers.still we can root it.
Very good mobile at lowest price range. Best performance and no lagging after one month usage...
No google does not give system update on this... All false promise by google and these companies.....
It is ok for a new Smart phone user. But the camera/batterylife/heating up, should have been better.
Genuine Working Great Airtel offer Doesnt work. Its Fake and is a marketing strategy.
My bluetooth is not working. I cannt send apps via bluetooth or wifi Worst phone ever
The battery life is pathetic !!!! Need to charge the phone twice everyday for two hours each minimum.
All Nice... But gets hot on internet use...At times gets hanged and have to restart...Worth buying...
Good service and the product is excellent but the screen guard is low quality further all are nice...
Device is good likewise its value. But battery drains very fast. And my shipment wad not tracked well
Its a very good low budget phone. But there are some problems while transferring files via Bluetooth.
i guess the battery drains fast and case cover variety are not available ....other its a superb phone
It's like to have Nexus in your hand, it's status is not less than any other Nexus phones. Excellent!
I din't fine any problem in this cell. This cell is working very well and all the features are good.
Value for money..battery back up a little disappointing.. Volume output is lacking..rest all is fine.
Great phone in this budget. superb build quality. Would give 5 stars if the internal memory is 8GB +
Nice mobile in this range. It looks quite good. Picture quality is also a part , that makes it good..
exlent phon for dis prz......very fast booting spead i love dis phon camera awsm flash realy awsm...
awesome phone with features, enjoying base SURROUNDING music NOTHING like ANYTHING... lets see..
i love it........confid dispaly backup every thing is good.....but for camera you have to compromize
My mobile flash light is not working after purchasing 10days and other problems are also created....
this is a great phone with awesome features. it works smoothly .till now i have faced no difficulties
Worth buying, 2 days of usage n feels happy using. Thank you Amazon for giving me a good service
getting error 489 while downloading apps from play store using mobile data and heating while charging
It has surprised me by its touch , camera and speed . All is good now. Best phone at this price.
OK in this price. Very happy with weight & size , slim phone speed & camera quality is fair
pro's delivered early very nice touch screen i love it Very campack, handy, slim and speedy phone good camera need time to operate and checking corn Master carton package come with open condition but luckly nothing missing check before recieving Inside Master carton phone box nicely packed and unopened also 8gb sd card wraped alongwith outside phone box Battery already uneven flat shaped (bulged) condition Battery capacity not sufficient Inserting charger usb pin very dificult and tight and tough Charging indication not good
Excellent phone at this price ...Please Never think to much to buy this phone you go for it yar.....
Awesome Android One , Not yet hang problem even once. Love it. Only the problem with Battery backup.
Good phone with all new features. For an average user, battery is enough for a day. Value for money.
This is defect peace before one month faces automatically switch on/off issue its such a irritating.
Its good in low price it is complete android mobile. Light weight ,compact, and smooth screen.
its a ok phone, but if u want a good camera, this s not the device. Otherwise its fast, fluidic etc.
I did not expect the phone performance to be so awesome. This phone is definitely a value for money.
A good set for the price that you have paid. It is a premium set that is given for an ordinary price
Plz don't buy this product. This device have 3g network issue.. But amzone u r 2gud....keep it up...
Good phone. Every thing is working good. Looks wise good. Over all its a good phone with cheap price
Its a okay situation quit satisfied, Amazon service is very good. Better choice in low budget range.
Performance & Update of Android Lollipop is unbeatable feature in Mi Canvas A1 in this range, Thanx!
a value of 10000 for 6500... could make the camera a bit more improved.. then the heating effect....
Nice phone.i used it for a couple of days. Nice touch, good display,... worth for 6k
Battery Backup Very Low. Bluetooth not working properly. File Manager or my folder Option not given.
The Best smart phone in this range. Don't think about anything else. Just go for it..Luv u micromax.
amazing, easy to use, fantastic games, good speed, excellent camera clarity and also looks good.....
I am using first time smartphone it is nice to handle. I am still get to know many things. Thanks.
reason for 3 star is because memory card received with phone as offer failed to detect by mobile....
I think this is the best mobile in present market @ this price range... Just go n grab it guys... 
Its an excellent phone.
phone is good,just like using a mini Nexus but battery drains very fastely and heating problem
faulty piece. Had to return the product... Pick up requested.. not picked so far.. fingers crossed.
Amazing for the price. However software updates are very slow compared to the promise that was made
good performane and nice cell in 6k-7k, no other phone beat this product in this price range.......
It was an amazing product from Google with such a beautiful price with so many features. I like it.
very Good .. if you are using internet and viber call best mobile to buy.... average cam quality...
Value for money..... Great looks + specifications.... If u r looking for a budget phone.. Go for it
The service was really good I was able to follow the phone easily More over a super phone
Pretty cool. I actually love it, the battery is a little bad though, although maybe that's my fault
I bought it to gift my mentor. The gift was perfect and so is the mobile. My mentor liked it a lot.
This mobile is just awesome....battery bkup also good, speed, screen clarity, camera are excellent.
It is a good phone in this price but I am facing following issues 1) Heat up 2) Call drop
gallary was not installed. Camera was not of good quality. ROM was less than promised i.e. 2 .2 GB.
Price itself indicates the quality. No body will give a 10k quality in 6.5k. 5MP camera is bakwaas.
Beautiful works well ,worth of money ,both Camera performance is satisfactory but net comes down ??
value for money....highly recommended for those who are looking for a smart phone at a low budget!!
Everything is good, but there is a problem in receiving files nd battery also needs to be improved.
Had a annoying experience aid battery getting discharged fast, battery heating and OS hanging up...
Considering the Specifications Vs price; it is the best product. I didn’t find any negative issues.
Awesome mobile in low cost, with maximum function similar to Moto G. Happy with this Handset......
Excellent Value for Money !!! Its real Good & i have two of them. Serene White & Black
Its good .in less price providing everything what I need. But still its not upgraded to lollypop .
Dont buy this phone guys, very very bad service from micromax.. go for a branded phone instead....
The phone is nice, good and worthy,but battery dumps fast just in a day..with medium usage itself.
Well this phone consists everything you want in a very bestest price. And phone dosent hangs ever.
its very good...but there is only one probblem and its camera's result..!!! overall its good phone
Battery and display are big minus. Performance is at par with other mobiles of the same price tag.
I have used other Android one devices but all are at same level but this one is slight batter one.
I am very happy wid my phn.I no more carry charger all the time.selfies are even more beautiful..
Worst phone plz don't buy, it's my humble request...xiomi redmi 1S is better than micromax A1....
I brought this phone a month ago till date its working awesome, fulfills my needs, enjoy using it.
Does everything that it claims including camera and battery. Only sound could be turned up higher.
No official USB drivers on Micromax site. Finding compatible drivers on internet is a big problem.
Nice phone.If you are searching for a low price smart phone, this one should be your first choice.
Good specs. Responsive touchscreen. Good price. Good feel in hand. Good looks.
I am a first timeuser of the smart phone. It is good for myrequirements and I am happy I bought it
Having problem after inserting micro sd memory card.it is showing blank or unsupported memory carx
It’s good.... As it's gives more features in low price than any other cell phone in that range....
Battery life is huge concern on my hand set. Doesn't last more than 3 hours.. Very disappointing
Despite a little bit low battery backup its worth it.. It is my first smart phone. Quite liking it
I would like to say only one thing. In this prices its very good phone. go for it.
All in one package for basic user . All suitable mobile apps needed loaded or immmediate use.
gud phone at this cost with gud battery backup...and excellent touch...but camera is not so gud...
I found a best phone which will use for 2 years. I think this phone is best with very cheap price.
Good one in this price range. Smooth and Excellent touch, fast app loading makes a good choice..!!
Great product in its price range camera is not very good and heat up after continuous use of 1 hr.
Android one, simply put, it's the most reliable and updated budget-smartphone currently available.
I Wonna buy another one but i am waiting for the cashback offer .Please awail it for an other week
Great phone !!! Must buy I got android one in just 48 hours thanks to Amazon Phone work very smoothly without any lag with good battery backup No heating problems and strucking Android phone with just 6499 is awesome
Product is good but fault comes within two and three months. Warranty service is so poor and bad.
Headphone are worst... and volume key not working after three months... no support from micromax.
Awesome smartphone by Micromax , Fast Updates, Speed is too good....Really a budget smartphone...
Has worked very well and there are no issues. Battery tends to drain with wifi & bluetooth usage.
Wow!it is a amazing phone I lyk very much dis phone,every one should take dis phone don't miss it
Works great. No issues so far. Bought it as an test device. Definitely a value for money product!
bluetooth file not transffered Micromax Canvas A1 to another and not recivied to any other mobile
Good for basic use as long as you don't keep internet running for day, then battery is nightmare.
01.Fast delivery. 02. Excelent product quality. 03. I am satisfied & loved the product.
Only issue for battery nothing else , but any one tell me that how I appdate into lollypop please
Good product with great specifications under 7k if u finding budget phone this is the best choice
Wonderfull done in did price segment.... Total buttery touch & lag free operations..........
touch screen is good Battery life not upto expected levels drains very quiclky good buy
Best smart phone @ 6k budget. Still better quality display would have be used for quality output.
Some additional apps. like File Manager, Gallery, Video Player would have enhance its worthiness.
phone superb but not supporting 3g video calling asking android update and heating while playing.
the phone is awesome except one thing the battery drains too fast when we use wifi , play games .
Very nice phone and working smoothly but few times going hang so I am giving 7 Numbers out of 10
It is a very good mobile in that price category, it as amazing features with updated Android OS.
I have worse experience with this phone. Major issue I had faced was intermittent loss of signal.
It a very nice and fantastic look..... Performance is awesome... Under my budget... Good Phone...
Awesome phone.. worth the Price.. Must buy product for ppl who prefer android phone below 10,000.
great mobile..working absolutely fine..great touch..good stuff in affordable and reasonable price
its a good in 6500/- range because of you get 1 gb ram 5 mp & 2 mp camera & 4 gm in build memory,
WiFi connectivity is an issue . Every time you try to connect , the phone needs to be restarted .
Awesome Phone much fast without lags.No problem with Wifi also.Overall Very good low budget phone
Excellent at this price . Can't expect such a good phone at this price range. A must buy product.
It is a Great phone and has everything inbuilt for my requirements. It is a Complete All-Rounder.
Poor service .......got my phone after 2weeks.......the phone is gud enough for 6.5K....go for it
This phone is best in this price very good looking phone and I got this in 2 days after delivery
Waw....Its amazing of this pries forget about the Moto G......I got it last week ....lovely phone
micromax canvas A1 is good but Micromax is dealing with very very very bad online website as they are ridiculous in delevering the product even when you paid in advance and they took near about 1 or 2 months to delever your products
Good one within budget
Nice 1!!!Just Enjoying
The best thing about this phone is android one!! Google announcing nine additional partners just shows how each company including HTC believes in the stock android option and frees them with the cost incurred for r & d of their own designs so that they can reduce the cost for us. KitKat needs minimum 512 mb ram this has just the double so for daily use this should be an issue. 4.5 inch is the size of moto g pretty decent. Android L is promised thus reducing fragmentations in android. Don't expect heavy gaming performance from the phone ! Battery may be an issue as the capacity is less but some improvements are promised with android L. Otherwise this product should work like charm!
I have purchased A1 mobile it is working properly but vedio calling not available in this phone.
very best phone with very good price..good packing..received before expected date..thank you....
I got this phone about a month ago and i must say the phone is really good for this price range.
Within weeks of my staff using, the product developed issues. Don't think it's reliable product.
Micromax Canvas A1 with Android One (Magnetic Black) this set is very usefull in low price.
Good but little problem delivery day very long time period and product deliver time not call me.
excellent in every aspect but battery backup. atleast a 2.2ah battery should have been provided.
Great phone for the price offered.All works well except the battery, it dies by mid of the day !
15day return policy given. 16th day mbl got problem. Worst experience. Speaker completely gone.
Its worth less. Amazon gave a faulty product.its not working. I will going to return the product
The phone is good except camera result. It is 5MP Camera in the phone so we can not expect more.
It's Very good as of now am not getting any issue with this product.Thanks to amazon and Google.
nice phone . it has broken the myth that micromax are lower in quality. superb experience indeed
The product is good but I'm disappointed with the accessories I got (charger). It's not working.
Good Phone on this price range. Recommend this for budget people. Don't worry about lesser cons.
Its fast, good , frankly speaking I do not know much about phones but this one I guess is EPIC..
worth every single penny. performing smooth. looking for budget phone,dont think much go for it.
It has all good features which i need to use but battery backup is not so good as i'm expecting.
I love dis mobile .. Superb mobile but there is no file manager otherwise its a very good mobile
Phone is Good but there seems battery backup problem in this phone.Battery gets discharged soon.
Good phone with no issues observed. Basic phone with reasonable features. Value for money phone.
10% cash back not received as promised in promotional offer, when paid by SBI debit/credit card.
Battery backup is not sufficient and service center are not giving proper service from micromax.
The phone is awesome , games are running without any issues,but the cam is sometimes not working
Some time the handset gets hang, mainly back soft key, otherwise best mobile of its price range.
Excellent mobile with low price but flip cover which is suitable for micromax canvas android one
Its been 4 months since I am using this phone...I purchased serene white along with 16GB sd card though 8GB card was free with this phone... Performance Review: Battery: Decent battery life,can work 6-7 hours with normal chatting and browsing but high ends games with drastically drink your juice. Battery could have been more stronger that's what I feel. Screen:5 inch IPS display works fine and touch is good too. Memory:Around 650mb RAM is user available only so large apps will surely occupy this space too quickly. No physical buttons available,the bottom 1 inch area could have been used for screen...Camera is decent during day time...Flash is of no use for point and shooting.Don't expect much from this camera. Build quality with styling Awesomee... Could have increased a 1000 BUCKS more and provided Gorilla glass with more battery Power... Lolipop Update..LOL... That was just for selling this product,No updates till now... Verdict: Phone covers all the latest aspects of this generations requirement with such a great price tag..just go for it ...4 stars for its features vs pricing and 1 star deducted for battery and camera..
1.It is a good mobile, but it heats up on heavy use as I play games for more than 2 hours continuously. 2. More game players don't buy this mobile. 3. Battery backup is not very good, if I play games or browse internet it last for 2 to 3hours only. 4. It does not have any preloaded file manager, I had downloaded Es file manager. If I restore my mobile, I have to download it again. 5. It does not have preloaded gallery, photos app is there instead. 6. It is unable to receive APK files by Bluetooth, But I can get them by remaining the extension to any format. 7. No problem about ram , no lagging problem. 8. There is no phone memory for mass storage, I have to depend on memory card totally. 9. No other problems , I've installed more than 25 apps but it works well. 10. When I play games the onscreen keys remains on screen on most games , I use immersive screen app to play games in full screen. 11. Its camera is very good, Rear camera clearity is very good. Front camera is also good for selfies. Flash is powerful enough to capture photos in night. 12. It is best mobile at its price range. 13. Works on both 2 micro sims.
I bought this phone around 3 months back and using it ever since. This is my first smartphone and the phone is good and didn't give any problems yet. Pros: --------------- * 4.5" screen and slim body make it comfortable to use with on hand. * Touch is smooth, no lags, stock android 4.4.4 * apox 2GB internal space for apps....few apps are even transferable to SD card. * Call reception and call audio clarity is good * Vodafone 3G woks really fast with this phone * WiFi connects very fast and connection stays undisrupted * Notification LED * Decent front(2.3MP fixed focus==>Selfies looks fine) and back camera(5MP Autofocus) * plays and shoots full HD videos. Front camera can shoot upto 720p * Screen resolution is good enough....no pixelation....no strains to eyes, reading small fonts. * Volume output from 3.5mm jack is strong enough to drive bigger headsets ( Phone is able to power my sony XB400 ) * lot of sensors avalible (not reproducing the list, since it is available in other reviews) Cons ------------- - Battery backup is normal. Approxmatly one day for average use ( 1 hr calling, 1 hr browsing, few messages, few hours of music) - By default, even the apps which can be moved to SD card will get installed in internal memory - Volume from call speaker(front speaker) could have been more louder. I felt difficult to listen to the other end of the call in heavy traffic in road - Screen guard is necassary - silver painting around the rear camera is not long lasting - No OTG As for quality and performance to price it would reccomend this phone to anyone. If you are a first smart phone buyer, this phone won't disappoint you.
It is very bad experience with the delivery indiscipline, never expected this to be such a pathetic way of working & complete mismanagement for which we hold Amazon India responsible. I have placed an order for this on 3rd Nov 2014 & Amazon India promised the delivery on 8th Nov 2014. But there was a complete mismanagement, misleading, erratic replies, continued until 10th Nov 2014.I have made at least 10 calls in a day & the response was totally irresponsible. every day they used to promise the delivery end of the day & when the day was ending they went on reassuring the delivery for the next day. This went on until 10th November & finally by doing nonstop follow ups they delivered at last on 10th Nov 2014. Another point is making a payment in advance & waiting for the delivery is going to be a foolishness , I have learnt a lesson as not to pay in advance with such people & they will totally mislead trouble like anything. They never update anything to the customer on their own & say something unpleasantly only when we call. Just because we have placed an order we only should call every time, they never update & least bothered. - Nagabhushan B N
@AMAZON : Why you are selling like these worst products ? I purchased this, as Micromax is an Indian manufacturer. But, i found that this is worst phone. I never recommend this. Bapre worst one. I purchased and found that more more more bugs. Camera getting crash. Panorama also getting crash. Camera worst. I purchased china phone for rs.800 which is having camera is same quality of this camera. worst. if you are on lock, we are able to take photos. camera is working. When we are hearing FM, suddenly if we move or stop or some thing happens we are getting a message"please plug in earphones" but at backend FM is running and the name is not visible. If we switch off and switch on it will get visible the FM name 93.5 like that. Sound is less. You can show a warning message "ear can damage on hearing high volume" But you have to provide high volume. Speaker sound is gar gar gar Provided cable is tight fit in to the USB port. If we press forcely it will get damage. I am happy to say that i have android phone which feels look and good..... but very disappoint of other futures. Hey, the battery is getting down in 4 hours from 100% to 0%.. Bapre, if we kept alarm to wake up morning, we will definetely wake up by next day morning.
Hi All, In spite of these many re views , i will try my best to clear some doubts regarding this device. This is just AWESOME . I am using it from past 4 days and here is my review. 1) Battery Life -- AS some users reported that it has poor batter back up, but for me it is not. Initially 45% will be available at first boot, i charged it to 100% and it gave me wonderfull back up. Total Screen Time -- 5 hours WIFI time -- 2.5 Hours CALL time -- approx 1.5 hours Gaming Time -- 21 minutes. Brightness lower than medium After 24 hours , it still had 42%. Now you can judge by yourself about battery life. 2) SCREEN -- Scree quality is just ok ok.. But hey yo cannot expect 1080 at thi price. in outdoors it works as mirror, u have to cover it fully then only u can see the screen . 3) Memory Card -- You should by class 6 or class 10 memory card for better performance, games will take time to load if you use the MC provided by micromax. 4) Touch is just awesome just like MOTO G (2nd gen). NO lags at all. 5) LED Notification Available 6) Charges is of cheap quality, you shuld be careful while taking it around. 7) Build quality is just awesome. :) 8) Camera -- In 6.5 K . you can not expect more but still it is good even i have never expect that fornt camera willl be this much good. I have not faced heating problem yet as others, i used wifi continuously for 1.3 hours including downloading of lot ot apps. Intially i was about 98% close to buy ASUS Zenfone 5 because i have to use mobile max to max 8 months. But after all that review of poot battery about ASUS , i just dropped it. Even ASUS also have prole with kitkat update Even kitkat update for asus is 4.4.2 but for this it is 4.4.4 and upgrade to Android L, Which is very big plus point. Verdict -- Just go for it, even if ur budget is around 10K just go for it, u dnt have to spend 10k fully. Hope my review will be helpful for someone.
Purchased phone on Sep 21st. It was "fine" for 1 month, with small bugs (please see the bug details at the bottom). On Nov 1st (45th day), the phone got stuck. I switched off phone and switched on. Phone got stuck in the '4 revolving color dots' screen. Took phone to service center and after covering a long queue, my turn came and I was informed that, **There's some problem with Mother board and they themselves couldn't switch on the phone; Have to send it to Delhi customer service center and wait for 45 days at the max** This is the first time a tried Micromax and I don't feel satisfied with this product and the quality provided for the price they charged for it..! Bugs: 1) 'Google+ has suddenly stopped' error while using camera:- It began from the second day. I neglected it, since I ADJUSTED myself accordingly by reopening camera. Still, I'm unable to find out the connection between Google+ and the camera. 2) Shortcuts of apps saved in a folder on home screen disappear when I restart phone:- Seems funny, but a difficult thing as I've to find out important and daily used applications again from the list of all apps and create shortcuts again! 3) Unable to choose contact picture properly:- From contacts app, when you choose a contact picture for some number and decides to change it suddenly, when you return to the 'select photo' option, selects another photo, by the time you come back and about to assign it to the contact, it'll be the "old photo" again. Seems Magical. :) [They forgot to clear the temporary storage and code proceeds with the "old photo", I guess]. 4) Contact photo selection bug:- Again, from 'contacts' app, choose 'assign photo', go to gallery and select 'nothing'. Now, when you come back, deciding NOT to assign a photo to that contact, it throws error "This photo can not be processed (It's not exactly same. something similar)". They should throw error 'no photo selected, would you like to proceed?' instead of this confusing error message. Few more are there. Don't remember all of those. Will update when I recollect. Do homework, read reviews and Buy a good product friends.
Got this phone delivered 3 days ago. My thoughts after using this phone for 2 days Pros: 1)Battery Backup-8to10 hours a day with frequent use with 3G 2)Touch is super smooth 3)It's got a LED indicator(though it blinks only green light but for 6500? Awesome) 4)RAM is minimum 450 MBs free even with all apps like FB, Messenger, WhatsApp installed 5)Does not overheat 6)All games are smooth. Game(even Asphalt 8 on high graphics) do not lag at all 7)Back camera is decent 8)Front camera is also decent 9)All sensors work fine 10)Voice call clarity is good 11)Viewing angles are decent 12)Build quality is good Cons: 1)WiFi speed is low(I mean, gives 120 kbps on this device...and my brother's Xperia SP gives 1.35 mbps). That's bad 2)Low light pics are not that great No other point to mention. Concluding, the phone is great. It beats my Xperia L in benchmark scoring by 3000-3500 points, Just the fact that WiFi speed is slow. I'd suggest people to buy this phone, since its a beast in this price range. Games that crash on Xperia SP(my brother's phone) work flawless on this. Go for it. Any suggestions regarding WiFi speed would be appreciated. Thanks!
Am not a tech geek, so just giving a plain review based on my experience. What I liked: A good quality smart phone at low price range. Android one support from Google. Design & UI looks good. 4.5 inch big screen. Touch is fluid. Audio quality is good. What I didn't like: Camera quality is not good. General: Battery drain is fair. Tried light games like candy crush which was fluid. Verdict - Micromax had made a great decision on tying up with Google & Amazon. I couldn't think of anything negative on this phone except the camera. Instead of wasting huge amount on high branded phones why cant we promote our Indian brands like this where we get the same features at low cost? I agree that customer service is terrible, but in India customer service is an alien term which is not applicable anywhere how much ever you pay. And though the phone is priced at 6.5K it comes with free SD card & screen guard. Also Amazon offered 10% cashback & 500 Rs Amazon gift card. So the actual price of the phone is just 5K. One cant ask for more.
Micromax Canvas A1 (Android One) Review after 3 weeks of usage. The design and build of the phone is pretty decent. Does not feel like a cheap phone. Thanks to the rubberised sort of back finish. The material used is plastic. The camera also looks pretty good which is surrounded with the sort of metal ring which has a good finish. The phone is comfortable to hold and can be used easily used with one hand. Overall the design is pretty decent. Not too great looking but at the same time not too cheap. It has a 4.5 inch fwvga display with 850*480 resolution. The display is good and has good viewing angles due to the ips panel. It has a low resolution which does compromise on clarity of the display but at this price point its really good. The touch is also nice and responsive. the colour reproduction is also fairly good. It runs on Android 4.4.4 based on Android one. This makes the phone perform well as compared to other android phones at this price. As it is based on Android one, it comes with the stock android which gives really good experience and smooth performance. No lags and no delays while multi tasking and switching between the apps. I played some average games like temple run 2, subway surfurs, etc and they played very well without any lags and the colours were also good. I even tried one high end game called Real Racing 3 (About 850 Megabytes) and it also ran very nicely without even a single lag. This indicates that the performance of the phone is fairly good. In terms of memory, it comes with 4 gb internal storage out of which 2.5 gb is available for users and the memory can be expanded via a micro sd card slot upto 32 gb. You also get the option of moving the app data to external memory card so that u wont have to worry about your phones storage for installing heavy games. The battery of this phone is 1700 mah which is a bit low but it is not that bad. With the average use of some social network and some little bit of gaming, it can last upto 10 hours. The phone does not have any heating issues. There's a little bit of heat while playing games but that is understandable. The camera of this is a downside because until and unless you don't insert the micro sd card, you will not be able to use camera (This might help you save your phones internal storage). The rear camera is a 5mp shooter with Auto focus and LED flash. It can record the video at 1920*1080 (Full HD) at 30fps. The quality of pictures is average. the pictures are bit overexposed. The front camera is 2mp fixed focus camera and it can record video at 1280*720 (HD) resolution. I did not run all the benchmarks but Nenamark 2 which gave me an impressive score of 62 Fps Overall its a great phone at a great price. Considering the performance of the phone at this price, i will recommend this phone.
For those who have not bought this smartphone and are confused, dont worry its a masterpiece to buy. First of all i am writing this review by using this Micromax canvas A1 (android one) for past 1 Month. I have order this phone on 18sep2014 and received on 22sep2014. the mobile pack comes with free 8gb memory card and free scratch guard as specified by amazon. I will give full in depth review. Pros 1) Camera front 2mp and back 5mp (camera quailty is much better then any other micromax phone with same megapixels i have actaully compared it. During day light it capture gr8 pics and in low light its ok ,not bad at all since it has flash support and front camera is best for 2mp at this price.)(note: if u r a camera loving person then u will find it always bad.)but for me its gr8 normal use. 2)1.3ghz quad core with 1GB Ram and 4GB internal memory (Many of them say 4 gb is less space but i have used it and installed many games and apps still i have 700mb space left.) u can move ur games and apps to sd card, not completely but 85% of space can be saved. 3)Mali 400mp GPU (yes u can play high end games) I have installed asphalt8:airborne,Dead Trigger2,temple run oz,D-day frontline commando,RiptideGP2 all running awesome with no lag. i have also installed Modern Combat 5 but find some lag in high, in low quality its running gr8. even u can play GTA sandres......So for gaming u will find no problem at all. and one more thing all games are installed together no problem with memory space. 4)Full HD videoplayback support (u can watch 720p as wellas 1080p videos. and if u install MX player app then u can run any format video in 1080p with no lag.) 5)Strong WiFi, Bluetooth as well as tethering,hotspot. (i have router at home n use it for approx 12-14hrs a day and wifi runs continuously without any loss of connection.) 6)2G and 3G support (while i m in college use vodafone 3g and it runs perfect and fast.) 7)battery life is good (i can use whole day with wifi or 3g) battery life depends on the use of mobile apps,wifi, internet, display light,calling,gaming etc the more u use the more it will drain.... for normal use its perfect. for medium or high use u will need to charge twice a day. 8)calling is gr8 no problem at all. 9)light weight and stylish look, easy to handle. 10)Brilliant Display quality with 4.5inch. 11)No lag at all. touch interface is very smooth and fast. multiple apps can run same time with no lag. 12)LED notification. 13)Google update for next 2 years and google standard product. Cons: (Every phone has its pros n cons this one too has) 1)Low Loudspeaker(since it has only one loudspeaker at back. when u keep phone away in some other room or in same room but far away and someone calls, u will hardly hear ringtone.)but this problem can be solved by keeping ur phone backside on the top....volume will increase slightly. Its not that u wont be able hear anything but low volume. Using Earphone Volume output is Gr8 ,no problem for that. 2)battery life as 1700mah(for high end user). Final Thought:: "Best smartphone in market at this price,really worth buying it and using it for any user.Its mini Nexus."
Great value for money. Phone works superb for me, good browsing experience, video are okay, no issues as such (no hd tried). Not played any games. Camera not good in low light, comparable performance in daylights. Music loud enough, speakers on rear side. Good kitkat experience. For a low end user, this is more than okay with a power bank. For continued browsing, i had to charge thrice a day. Battery literally sucks. Size, weight quite ok. Front is finger print scanner, must use cover. In my area, signals are quite alternating . most of the apps failed to connect, while cm browser always kept its word. Fast, light, and secure. Very glad that i have purchased this phone, suits all my requirements except battery. 1. Camera: okay 2. Browser: great (for internet users) 3. Games: no idea 4. Kitkat : good 5. Front: finger print gets all over the screen. 6. Call quality was ok. No issues found as such. Most importantly I would recommend this phone to my friends
It's being 3weeks that I am using the phone so I think it's the best time to write it's review. I am keeping my review very short & to the point. Pros- *Updated kitkat 4.4.4 thanks to andriod one but for others at this price point maximum you will get 4.4.2. Though there is hardly any difference you can notice. *Google camera app & inbuilt photo editor *Decent front camera but don't expect it to be very good. *Games like temple run2, candy crush, subway surfer & even asphalt 8 are running well with no frame drop or lag. Cons- *Very very poor battery, with 2G internet on, it takes only 9-10 hours to run out of power. Very very disgusting battery. *Normal head phone, not the airtight one. *Rear camera is good in daylight but horrible in taking indoor pics even with flash on. Lots of noise & grains can be found in indoor pics. Same goes for video tecording althiugh it's claiming to be HD quality but I haven't found it to be very satisfactory. *Poor viewing angle. *Visibility under sunlight is poor. *Ringtone gets suppressed as the speaker is on the back. *You can't block a no. unless you install a 3rd party app to that. If you have any query regarding the phone then mail me at- a.t@live.in
Hi there, am going to writing a breif about android one phone... Pros: 1.3ghz quad core mediatek processor with 1 GB of RAM if u install whatsapp facebook twitter fbMessenger yahooMessenger various Internet browser plus Heavy to small games it gives around 400mb of reee RAM its quite enough to play chat browse as buttersmooth.. There is no lag in performance, eventhough the screen is equipped with FWVGA u wont find any pixelate in it.. Android one devices support various apps, if u annoying with google camera app u may use camera51 app from gplay, its an awsome one.. Everybody concerning at 1700miliAmph battery, yh its last only 12 hrs with moderate use, i give one solution to that, the main cause of battety drainage is due to RAM useage heating FB application uses more RAM so instead of using FB app just use it in chrome or opera browser s (uninstall fb app) use fb messenger.. Good news is Next update of Lollipo have 36% more battery performance than current kitkat hope for best performance plus best use of battery, another good news is android Lollipop is ready to out this end of oct or first week of Nov( moto e ,x,g .. Android one devices, nexus devices, sony Z series, Higher HTC model only get those) hopefully android one devices are very very cheaper devices that gets Lollipop 5 , thats the main reason 1700 mah battery was given( we may get around 3-4plus charging capability) . camera works best in daylight and worst in very low light, if there is noise then use class 6 or class 10 memory card(it is highly recommend to all types of phone bcoz read write speed in those class gives no lagging, higher performance, reduce camera noise).. Androind one with lollipop upadte going to be rock .. It have the feature of kill switch app in which if anybody steals ur phone they cannot reset put new s/w without ur lock code,.... Google rockzzz .. I had an issue, 3G n/w is problem for me.. Overall its Great around 6500rs ..
The Canvas A1 Smart phone from lasyt 2days and it is Good and I recommend to others to buy it. The internet speed using this phone is Good. Display Quality is good. The camera quality @5MP is good with Flash. It is very easy to set up with WiFi in home and with having Gmail ID. The browsing between the apps is Goods peed and it is nice see the apps opening/closing faster.Its thinner phone. No heating of phone when connected to WiFi and playing of music. I will use this phone for the Gmail, Facebook and reading of news. So, all these apps faster and good in using this phone. Viewing video in Youtube is good and if google enable offline viewing still it will be good and this feature will be there in next version of Android OS. One issue I see is the speaker sound quality is low while playing music and needs improvement here. The screen guard need to fix carefully,otherwise many bubbles will be there,which in turn downgrade the display view. The packaging quality of CANVAS A1 Box was normal and need better packaging to improve. The Aramax courier took 5 days to delivery the shipment,but overall satisfied. The 1GB RAM usage is good and has enough buffer. The 8GB sdcard received with phone and realy and we can use for storage. Apps download is faster. ******************************************************************************************************************************************************************
I am a first time user of Android OS (have been using Windows 5.x until 7.8 on various HTC devices in the range of INR 20K-30K). I bought Micromax Canvas A1 only because the phone was manufactured using specifications given by Google and there is a commitment to provide upgrade for this phone for next 2 years. Its been almost 3 weeks, but overall i would say I am satisfied with this budget smartphone. On my usage of this phone, I receive limited number of calls and I use this smartphone mainly for communication over email >100/day, Whatsapp, Facebook, Google map, photo etc. I have faced couple of issues with the device: a) A couple of times I could not take photos because the camera button was disabled, i had to restart the device. b) One time i got a message (through Clean Master app) that the CPU is heating up, i decided to leave the device for some time. One challenge with #AndroidOne OS : I can not set the frequency for my three email accounts (Gmail, YahooMail app and Corporate email). My mobile keeps buzzing each time there is a new mail. I do not have option to change the email access from push to pull. This will also allow me to save on battery consumption.)
This is a 20-day-usage review and I will be as transparent and unbiased as possible. Buy it if you have mundane usage. A strict NO NO for power users! Battery life is a BIG JOKE especially when it claims to be Google’s baby—must be an adopted one. I spend at least 3 hours travelling and it really zaps the juice out of this device. You don’t even have to use the phone for the battery to start draining. I have a leather pouch for this device so I actually HANDLE it. 8/10 times I found it lukewarm and the remaining two times it was WARM. It will not be a problem I guess if you plan on using a flip cover. The add-on screen guard (free) is a smudge attractor and may hamper readability in bright day light. I am fast texter. I give myself a 7/10. But I usually find myself waiting for my text to be typed even after I have fondled all the required letters. Simply put, I found the keyboard function to be sluggish. I am yet to try other keyboard apps. I have had plenty misfires while trying to unlock my phone. It freezes for a second and will miss your input in that time frame. The camera is decent enough for the money you are paying. You may also miss a few calls here and there, which later on pops up as missed calls. I am not sure if this a problem with my carrier network. Just rethink if you feel any of the above mentioned cons may hinder your experience. The phone is otherwise every word it promises. Calling it the best in its segment is overkill, but I would recommend it to anyone who is budget constrained and wants every rupee working towards making a good experience. NOT UP TO THE MARK BUT DEFINITELY NOT A DISAPPOINTMENT. PS: Look out for cash back offers online which will make this device cheaper. A 10 percent discount would make the deal sweeter.
The phone is superb and it is the best one can get at this price. The product was delivered on time and the packaging was decent. The box contains phone, charger, earphones, screen guard, and 8 GB Strotnium micro SD card. The phone is excellent. No difficulty in using it in the sunlight. Signal reception is good. Also no problem in listening to person on the other side of the call. I installed Temple Run 2 and Subway surfers and both the games ran pretty smoothly. Also installed MX player and am able to play the video. The black color of the phone is nice. Though it is Micromax but essentially it is a Google product. And when the word "Google" is associated with anything we know it is a quality product. However, there is a little issue. All the android phones have a gallery app which is very convenient; however, this phone doesn't have it. Very perplexing thing initially. But an app like AndroZip or EX File explorer can be used to solve this issue. Truly an affordable smartphone by Google! Thanks Amazon and Cloudtail for this wonderful product!
I ordered 23-09-14, and i got it on 27-09-14.... amazon packing and India post delivery was very good. after i used 13 days............... there is no problem on device.. Merits of the device: 1. Very Stylish look... camera, back cover, display, overall looks nice 2. Camera has very good quality on sunlight, but a bit low in fluorescent light. Flash is ok. 3. Awesome speed powered by its quad core processor and 1 gb ram. 4. Good Display quality... Display is clear and bright.... and also auto bright facility avail by its light sensor... 5. Battery back up was nice.... i use two days continuously with a single charging.... i regularly use facebook, gmail,yahoomail,rediffmail...etc by bsnl bb wifi (i dont use any games) and a lots of calls.... 6.Sound Quality: earpiece- Excellent, Speaker- Good (Dont Expect more from Budget Phone, Except Micromax) 7.Network call quality and range is very good 8. Android KitKat is really Awesome.. Good Operating System for beginners also experts 9. Front 2 MP cam is really very nice and excellent picture clarity.... there is no need of photoshop to improve selfies 10. Mobile Traveler Charger Quality is very good.... Also came with datacable... 11. Really wonderful that its price was only Rs 6500/- only.... also i got 10percent cash back offer from amazon..So i got it only Rs 5850.. REALLY THANKING TO AMAZON.......... Demerits 1.Ear phone's quality is a bit low....But it can solve by using a good ear phone by local purchase..... 2. video clarity captured by the device was a bit low... but photo snaps is ok. a budget phone doesnt need to satisfy it.... Dont bothered about that neglect these twothings overall this device is a best one on this range.......Go For IT...........................
Build and Design The build quality of this smartphone is what you would expect from an inexpensive smartphone. There are no creaks or unwanted crevices in the body and the phone is relatively light. The 4.5 inch screen makes it comfortable to use as well and the bar design, though uninspiring, is satisfactory. There’s one problem though — the lack of screen protection. I’m not a fan of screen protectors, so I usually want my phones to have some kind of Gorilla Glass on it. In a budget smartphone I wouldn’t expect Gorilla Glass 3, but I would want at least the first generation Gorilla Glass. Actually, that is too generous. Motorola has proved with the Moto E that Gorilla Glass 3 is doable in this price range, so it isn’t much to ask. Even the Xiaomi Redmi 1S offers Dragontrail glass protection at a lower price point. In fact, the lack of Gorilla Glass 3 or any other screen protection is the first thing that makes me question the price that Micromax is asking for this smartphone. I don’t have complaints about the body or the design and I actually quite like how the matte finish feels on the plastic back. But I’m constantly fussing over my screen, trying to protect it from any kind of scratch or impact. Display and UI There's not much to say about the display on this smartphone. The 4.5 inch IPS display has 480p resolution, which is not exactly very impressive. But then again, there is only one other phone in this range that offers a 720p display and that is the Xiaomi Redmi 1S. Point in fact, the display on this one seemed much brighter and offered better sunlight visibility than both the Moto E and the Redmi 1S. The only concern I had with the display is the lack of Gorilla Glass as mentioned above. The Canvas A1 runs stock Android, like the other two Android One devices. The UI is smooth and shows no lags whatsoever. Being a fan of stock Android, I quite enjoyed what I got on this device. In fact, the smoothness of the software is one of the reasons why I say Micromax hasn't made a better device in the budget segment before this. Performance There is where Google’s involvement in the Android One project becomes very apparent. The Micromax Canvas A1 runs on stock Android, but performs like no other device that Micromax has ever sold in this range. The stock UI is smooth and snappy and app response times are minimal. Also, there was absolutely no lag or sluggishness in navigating around the UI. In fact, you will wonder why this Android stock OS can't come on every smartphone. The device has a 1.3 GHz MediaTek quad-core SoC inside, which warrants the performance, but I can think of many of the best devices that cost more and not deliver such performance with similar processors. I even tried playing Asphalt 8 and Injustice: Gods Among Us on the device, with no hassles and minimal heating. Camera The Canvas A1 has the same camera that the Moto E does, but this is one department where this phone outperforms the Moto E. The fixed focus camera on the Moto E is the weakest point of that smartphone. The Canvas A1 has the same 5 MP camera as the Moto E, but with auto-focus. Pictures taken are satisfactory and while they aren’t as good as what you get from a Xiaomi Redmi 1S, they are definitely better than the Moto E. I really like the colour reproduction and white balance on the pictures. The camera UI is also fast and easy to understand. The shutter button for some reason takes up a substantial area at the bottom of the screen, but other than that, the UI is easy to use. You can swipe from the right to get Panorama, Lens Blur, Video and Photo Sphere modes, while there is also a small button to access settings. The camera doesn’t allow you to take pictures unless you insert a memory card into your smartphone. It means that the primary storage for the camera is your SD card, but more importantly, it means that you absolutely have to get a SD card. This essentially adds a few bucks to the smartphone’s price, taking it closer to the Moto E and further defeating its purpose. My Verdict The Micromax Canvas A1 is a very good smartphone and provides surprisingly good performance.There’s absolutely no way that the Micromax Canvas A1 cannot be called a bad smartphone. What’s good about the Android One devices is that they are inexpensive.Also, these would be some of the first devices to get the Android L update, which works in its favour.While the Micromax Canvas A1 is expected to give timely updates, with Google directly involved, Android L would come much faster on these smartphones.So, if you want an inexpensive smartphone that will get the Android L update.Then this is a good choice.
A really good phone for the price. Stock android makes it really smooth. It replaces my S3, and actually seems way smoother. That being said, stock android has some shortcomings in the user friendliness department, where contact management is concerned. In terms of the overall design, it's a nice sturdy phone. Only design flaw is that the paint on the metal disc around the camera lens gets scratched off very easily, because of the slight protrusion. I also feel that the battery drains too fast now. It didn't until I installed a few apps on it. It still lasts for a day with 3g on. Let's see if the battery consumption improves with Android L. I did have an issue with the earpiece speaker going blank on a couple of calls, for which I had to switch to speakerphone to complete the calls. The issue was rectified when I switched the phone off and then on again. Another issue that I can't seem to figure out is to do with my Wi-Fi. My ISP automatically directs me to a sign in page after I connect to the Wi-Fi network. That doesn't seem to happen with my phone. It could be a browser issue. With my S3, it would do so on the default browser but not on Chrome. On networks without the sign in, it connects just fine to the Wi-Fi. Overall it's a great phone for 6499 and though the camera is not that great, you can still click decent pics with it.
yeah....!!! after a few days use.. it's the time for a review..... first of all a thanx for both micromax and amazon for offering such a good product. Delivery: it was fast and prompt... i received the item after 2 days of my order... and i received it on a festive day.... thnx for providing service even on festive days. i would like to discuss about the drawbacks and facilities of this phone... Drawbacks: 1. it takes much time for shut down and start up. 2. some of the pre loaded apps are not movable.. which consumes more RAM. 3. hearing volume is quite low. 4. getting heated while charging. 5. no such file manager is provided. 6. 8 gb class 4 sd card which is provided with the package is not good.. you may use class 10 cards.. for better experience. 9. the alarm clock often misses when the phone is switched off. goods: overall it's a awesome product in a range of 6500. 1. as it provides ips display... its awesome for hd movies and hd gaming... 2. the UI is very fast and highly responsive. 3. camera is good for both day and night snaps... secondary camera is also excellent. 4. battery back up is fine.. not too good.. but as a micromax low budget smartphone.... it's ok. 5. it comes with 1.3Ghz and Android One... so it has an awesome android experience. 6. network and connectivity is fine... provides high speed net surfing.
I have placed my order on 20th sep. and recieved the product on 27th sep. It exceeded estimated delivery date. It might be of the huge demand of this handset. After 9days.... I am writing here a review. Camera is of good clarity only if proper day light is availble. Front cam works fine and gived superb imaged that too at proper daylight. Features like panorama, photosphere and lens blur provided by google was awesome Battery back up is not upt o the mark. It drains fast enough once you connected to the internet and should charge twice a day, otherwise it lasts a whole day. As everyone saying there is no lag or hang at all! The notification LED functions so well and very usefull. Not look like cheap micromax handsets. The design is simply superb. There is heating issue after 10minutes of usage while in charging. Also in rare cases it will be hot even when the device is not plugged in. This is not a big deal. U can simply ignore this drawback. U can go for unite if u want a good battery back up. If you are not care about battery this device is better than unite2.
Last night I just got my Canvas A1 delivered and found a bit confusing to operate (may be because its my first Android so far), well it is really good and interesting piece of tech. Talking about other reviews and experiencing it in hand is really competitive... Users are not satisfied with the camera, so either you can go for a 15k+ smartphone with good camera or have a 6.5k smartphone with average camera and get a superb Digi-Cam with the remaining balance as compared to 15K+ smartphone... well, I have used this phone half of the night and found many things:- Good Things :- 1. Awesome performance... 2. Enough 1GB Ram... 3. Clear Display and resolution... 4. 5mp & 2mp Camera enough to have some Pictures & selfies... 5. most important 2.27GB Apps Memory which won't going to make system hang-up... 6. Average battery (well costly phones with bigger battery do consumes accordingly)... 7. Free 8GB Memory Card... 8. The Best thing is OS Upgrades for 2years... (which won't let you feel that the Hardware is getting Old) Bad Things :- 1. No user memory i.e. Memory is Must to use the phone (can't go with internal memory only)... 2. Needs to install some basic apps like File Manager, Gallery, Contact+ (attaching picture) etc... 3. Could be more better if Company would have provided a little bit of user memory (even 256mb)...
hi everyone since its my first purchase from amazon . I am not the much of amazon shopper but ,i would say i was extremely impressed with the service of amazon seller and the courier i received the package as early as possible as the date mentioned on the deal now i will tell what i found good and bads about this phone the Good-1. Since it is having 1.3ghz quad core processor the working speed of the phone is extremely good 2. 1700mah battery lets you and give you extreme backup of almost 9 hour without charging 3. back cover is extremely good as it has matt surface which can never get scratches even the camera panel is great and created with elegance 4. notification led is good feature 5.Google now feature supports the phone extremely well BAD - there is not much bad in this phone yeah but i notice some lag while playing extremely heavy apss like Heavy games and yes on more thing in th notification bar there should have some prologed feature like samsung but its ok if it has this feature .
The price tag of this phone was the first thing that made me buy this awesome product. This was exactly the kind of phone that i wanted, Stylish, black slim phone with a pretty good display size,front and back camera's, latest android, all just for 6.5k. I'm not a techy, so i dont know much about the technical aspects. From the first experience, i am very happy with this product. Display is good, camera is pretty good for a 5mp device. Front camera doesnt give good photos at low lights and ok kind of photos otherwise. For the back camera, there is photosphere, panorama and lens blur by google which are some of the coolest things i found in this device. I played some songs and the sound quality is good.I heard from many reviews that the battery doesnt last much, but for me it stood pretty long with average use. One of the best thing about this phone, like everyone says is its perfomance.Also it looks are much more than its price. Classy and stylish. For people going to get a smartphone for the first time, i think this is one of the best thing available in the market.Google has already installed some apps like playstore, maps, play music,chrome,hike etc.For the best use of this phone you need internet connection. Never expected such an awesome product from micromax. The chinese phone that comes with similar pricing has some better features, but i heard it has many issues like heating problem. Final verdict, best budget smart phone from google.
I have no qualms in claiming that this is the best phone Micromax has put together. It’s not a high-end specs monster, or branded as a gold phone, but the Canvas A1 feels leagues ahead of any other Micromax phone we have seen. The rubberised removable back feels smooth to the touch and adds to the solid feel. The dark chrome trim around the front is suitably reserved but shines in the right light, while the minimalist front evokes the Samsung Galaxy Nexus, the first Nexus phone to eschew physical buttons.The back of the phone features a metallic bump on the top, similar to the Nokia PureView bump, but that doesn’t mean the camera is comparable (more on that later). We really like the brushed aluminium look of the camera bump, and it adds some reserved flair to the otherwise plain black handset.With a 4.5-inch WVGA display, we had low expectations about the Android One series, but if the other two phones are anything like the Canvas A1, there’s no reason to be worried. Yes, one could complain that it’s not a qHD or 720p panel, but that’s not the intention of this first batch of Android One devices. The display on the Canvas A1 is more than serviceable. It looks bright, colours pack a punch without going overboard, with good viewing angles.The Canvas A1 lasted us 18 hours from 100 percent to 2 percent, before we had to find the plug. This included over 4 hours of screen on time thanks to a mix of gaming, phone calls, text and IMs, and a long session of Reddit browsing and surfing. The phone was also syncing to restore apps from the Play Store during the first hour of operation. The great part about the battery life was the phone only dropped three percentage points during 8 overnight hours in deep sleep. So all in all we are very pleased with what the Canvas A1 offered us.We think the Micromax Canvas A1 is the best smartphone made by the company. It is dwarfed by the specs of the Canvas Knight or the Canvas Nitro, but is actually a way better overall experience in terms of usability, stability, and longevity. In fact, it looks way more expensive and sophisticated than its price suggests. It’s also great value thanks to the price, while the promised updates from Google are the cherry on top. The only drawbacks are the camera, which is not terrible, but could be better, while the smudges It’s also a vindication of the notion that stock Android is the best form of Android. Customisations are great but not at the cost of user experience. It’s a sure recommendation in the budget category over the likes of the Moto E and the Xiaomi Redmi 1s, and if you are looking for a budget smartphone this winter, look no further.
Hi Guys, The device is Awesome compared to my Samsung Ace Duos. No regret of buying and its worth. There is no lagging while using multiple browsers as it is seeking more task !!. No problem faced in WiFi, blue-tooth connection. Its all fine. The innovative took by Google with local manufacturers is amazing. Built and Quality are good in this price range. I would say go for this product because I think our manufacturer grabbed right opportunity from Android and proved that they can offer nice and quality product. In my two days of experience, Battery and Sound seems to be between average and very good. I mean its good. I am a normal user and not a game lover so no problem of backup. Coming to sound, I think the way they placed the sound device is wrong. Something missing, technically. I heard sound clearly when I placed the mobile in a face down position. LOL. Anyway, device is a Google's design and I hope this small issue may be corrected in next OS. ( Do not know Really). I would like to Thank you all reviewers who made me buy this mobile. Other News: The other set (configuration) of Android one may be launched in 1st quarter of next year by Karbonn.
Canvas A1 Review Build - Sturdy to hold dosent look like will break on dropping , the rubberized back has lots of smudges now but dosent look bad , the protruding cam looks nice imo cause that come out much just a lil bit. Camera - The camera is okay-ish not that great but not that bad , daylight pics are great , havent tried night pics yet , will upload samples later , the flash is damn nice in lighting up things is quite much u can say , but most of the times it can be too much and u might like switching it off , turning on HDR turns up the quality by a bit but not much improvement. Google Camera is also awesome , Photo Sphere and panorama both work great , Photo Spheres are so fun UI - Vanilla KK 4.4.4 , works amazing havent lag or crashed once till now, though switching from an normal mediatek rom to vanilla has some cons like the toggles and the battery , but overall its great. GPS - GPS is supa fast , inside my house , as i turn the gps on , in high accuracy (GPS+WiFi) , its gives like 5-6m of accuracy and with Device Only(GPS offline) its goes to 8-12m of accuracy , outside (my balcony which is a bit closed too) on high accuracy its like 3-4m may go lower if i go to a more open space and device only is 6-7m. Battery - i have done 2 100% Battery Cycles Till now , on average i may say 4.5-6 hours of SOT is what you will get , maybe lower cause i havent got a sim in it yet and its just running on WiFi , charging is kinda fast too with the given charger , took me ~3 Hours to charge it from 1% to 100% . Performance - @_@ ab kya bolu @_@ all games run amazing , A8 , FIFA 15 , Asphalt Overdrive all run full speed on highest settings though on Overdrive some effects were missing on better quality ( Gloft nerfed for 1 gig ram i think). Display - Lowest Brightness is quite low which is good at night and highest brightness is quite high which is kinda good but dosent give much sunlight visibility. Auto Brightness works just great. Videos also work good. Video watching experience is nice and smooth , though u cant play FHD Videos on H/W decoder but software works great, but the 4.5in display is imo a lil small if u want to consume media but it does the work. Sound - Sound is loud but not that loud but enough to hear an call from another room , sound quality while playing music was also nice, sound didnt disappoint at all , atleast quite more than my canvas hd. Verdict - The phones great feels good to hold , if u can do it with its lil bit better than average-ish camera and battery may disappoint a bit but the whole package is awesome , performance , gaming , gps , display and sound.
Got my Micromax Canvas A1 delivered today. Fast delivery by Amazon in less than 48 hours In the box 1. Handset 2. Headphones 3. Battery 4. Memory card (8gb) 5. Screen guard ( which was not written in the freebies , thanks amazon for the surprise) Looks : Decent , camera covered with that circle looks classic Performance As per 4 days of usage Everything works nice and smooth , 2.27 gb available is enough , kitkat makes it awsomee :D Battery usage: worked decently up till now. Its been 1 day and 14 hours and still battery is 42% :D Heating problem: there was no heating problem , i used my Canvas A1 for 6 continuous hours ( While charging) there was no heat . So thumbs up for that :D Cons: Both front and back camera are average - for camera 2.5/5 ( bit of haziness in the camera) but then it just costs you 5.8k man Download: Its quite fast with WIFI or 3G OR 2G Benchmarks for professionals:- 1.ANTUTU BENCHMARK V5.1 - 18619 SCORE 2.QUADRANT STANDARD- 4231 SCORE 3. NENA MARK 2 - 62.3 FPS All the scores are brilliant at this price tag :D Go for it , its any day better than that Xiaomi with battery and ram issues plus heating problem.
Amazon... Thumbs up friends.. really great service. Ordered this phone on 20/092014 (Saturday) and delivered on 22/09/2014 (Monday by Noon 3 PM). As Amazon commitment, done it with reasonable packing with full kit as mentioned like 8 GB SD Card (Class 4) + a Screen Guard with complete box and nice packing. Friends, about phone, I recommended to all who want budget Smart phone. Oke, So, imp thing about this phone are, Pros:- 1. Great built nice texture and camera lance situation with LED Flash light is amazing. Its give different looks as it has circled design back on the phone. 2. As usual black misty color looks trendy. 3. Finishing is fine. Back cover of the phone is not slipy as u think. About Functions: 1. Friends, as joined all the parts after checking it, really feels good in my hand. Well, looking to the functionality of this phone, I must say, all function are good as 1 GB RAM and it proves. 2. Feel fast while opening apps and after taking photos. 3. About Apps, already installed Hike, all Google Apps with G+ and all but there is no leg to operate the same. 4. About the Camera, yaahhh... Improved quality compare to other 5 MP phone camera in this budgeted phone. Yaahh some other default functions like take photos in different Scene Mode is not given. But its oke.., Well, in compare to this, other functions like, panaroma view in different angles, lance blur function and other functions are good. 5. As it has light sensors, working fine. If u put it on Auto Brightness mode, it works great. 6. Sensations, Vibrations, and Rotation by using sensors - Thumbs up.. Great working. 7. About Call Functions - by using Micro SIM Card and both will work great. Good to use it. The Call Function has almost same features as given in high ended smart phones. okkk... About Corns... Friends, nothing is perfect in this world.. so.. littlebit corns are here but might be ignore depending up on user of this phone. 1., I must say, I bought this phone for my father and I was in impression that, the speaker volume little bit high but it seems okee.. as its a sophisticated using of this phone, might be not up to the mark. 2. About Power Button, Friends, U will find the power button on the device but its not actually on the device. Its just a part of rear panel or u can say, its a part of back cover. Well, when u opened its back cover, u can find it batter and understand what I mean to say. 3. About charger Pin, --- OMG... so hard to plug out from the phone. Yaah previously somewhere I read the same earlier on the Net about this issue. Might be because of little.. very little, hairstrom in the phone. 4. About Functions:- Friends, What I felt, I wrote over here about it but might be u not believed. Friends, After properly inserted the SD Card, I found in the phone by its name.. its oke.. But believe me, u can not Add any folder by your choice. Yess.. that I faced. 5. WiFi is great, but its not working while during a Call. Might be 3G or 2G So. that I not checked, so u can not surfing during a call or not been operate the internet. 6. About Message Function, :- While u open this window, u will find only a line space for Message Body even though a free space is available but its seems little freky my friends.
In my view the Phone is Superb. If you are looking for a Good Smartphone at a medium price range. just go for this. Read my review before buying this phone 1. Battery is1700mAh- Don't under estimate it. It gives you 2 days of backup( if you playing games full time, Don't except 2 days) 2. Internet is amazing fast on 2G and 3G. (Internet does not drains battery fast.) 3. Touch is superb and Buttery smooth and no need of hard touch. 4. Pre installed camera gives medium quality photos. I updated the App 3 times and it gives good quality photos. Update increases photo quality and features. 5. Sound Quality is also good and better. Updating Preinstalled Apps give more effect and features.. 7. Google chrome compresses the data usage, it helps to load web pages faster.... 7. Its a value for money product. I Bought this product on 20-10-2014, Till now I didn't find any problems such as System Slow, memory problems. Just go for this. you don't worry after purchasing.
Android One, Fastest updates, Stock android, Google backing & Affordable price everything is OK, But basic and most important functions like voice calls, sms, 3G and wifi are not working properly. I have replaced two phones just to check if i got defective phone but no, I am facing same issue with 3rd phone. 1. Voice call volume is very low it's not even comparable to basic phones 2. Frequent network drops (Replaced 2 sim cards just to check if its service providers problem) 3. WIFI drops, Need to restart to connect again 4. Phone is heating too much 5. Battery is draining very fast, It takes 3 hrs to charge 6. Charger and headphone quality is poor 7. Sleep animation is like old tv of 1990 8. No online support from micromax Google has appointed 85 volunteers to promote android one in india. Techies who are giving 4-5 stars to this phone are getting some benefits from google and online stores. Don't believe on online reviews.
good one product. very comfort and completely fulfil all the expectation. Easy to gift someone.
Nice phone , There are no any problem with mobail & amazon. its best phone in that price..
Love the Product. Amazon delivered it before the promised time. Overall: Great user experience!
nice product at this cost ..... can be considered .... and ohk people may go for this product .
Better value for money. Camera failed to work after one month. Except that every thing is fine.
phone overall better but battery life not better.direct video calling facilities not available.
It's an awesome phone. Camera quality is excellent. Best phone at such a low price. I loved it.
I really like this phone...touch is great....so is the camera...speakers could have been better
Good phone in this price smooth wrking and battry also good fast shipping I really like it
Good phone for the price. Vodafone 3G will not work with this phone. I had to switch to Airtel.
Best economic phone.All features extremely excellent ... But an eager about the battery backup
micromax canvas A1 is a best pH I m satistfi with this pH. I give 5 star
Excellent mobile,fast and easy to handle its very handy and also get latest is thanks to google
this is very use full for dual sim holders, it doesnt hangs works good with android. CAN USE IT
A great phone with best features of this range phone's. It meat to all of my expectations.
This is an awesome phone for the price tag loved the android support from google just go get it
Cons: 1) No default File manager 2) Play store response time is too much even on wifi
Really nice phone I like it Thanks amazone I am really happy for amazone service
Great phone...fast processing.good looks. Play any HD game. 1080p recording. Bang on AndroidOne
Very good phone in its prise I am fully satisfied it is handy and durable and best in rough use
Its the one of the best phones for the middle class people with all the facilities at the reach
Bravo Nice packing on time delivery nice model and superb features and excellent camera results
Amazing set for the defined price. Don't think even once before purchasing it. Just go ahead...
A1 is really good n handy. Its sleek n updates r spontaneously happening. Simply it is amazing.
Not totally satisfied. Also the promised 2000rs coupons have not been given by Amazon tool now.
Amazing Smartphone...........it has good value for money, all functions and touch runs smoothly
Superb phone with all the specifications...... Mast h dosto... Buy krna h to kr lo soacho mt...
Received the phone today gud looking phone..fast delivery...gr8 shopping experience with Amazon
Benifits of Android one: smooth,2 year update, almost all sensors available, optimized software, best ram management, powerful processor, awesome graphics, for those crying for soft wares not available..do this download quickpic->gallery, es file explorer-> file manager,light manager->Notification Led (red and green available),xender->file transfer for those crying for battery...do this... 1.charge the phone for 24 hours ,2. Turn of Locations(GPS)...the problem is software only...and with android 5.0 lolipop coming soon, battery will be doubled... hardware is good, Android lolipop is so powerful that other phones will be drooling meanwhile "android one devices will be the king" Exclusive Features: 1.Photosphere 2.LED Notification. 3.Tons of sensors(very useful in maps) 4.Auto brightness 5.Just installed 100th app, still butter smooth 6.malayalam font available for reading + tons of Lolipop features coming in November 2nd, will make it look iphone dumb!
I bought it as soon as it was launched for a friend of mine. Looking at the performance I bought one for my father last week and ordered another one yesterday for my friend. 1.The best thing for this phone is the guarantee by google for regular updates of latest android for next two years. 2. The camera quality is pretty awesome considering it's 5mp. It supports basic google camera. It does not have a separate album app and the photos are saved on the google photo app. 3. Stock android- no fuss just.customise it the way u want 4. Good sound quality. 5. It gives a decent battery backup. With decent use it goes a full day. 6. Good feel. Doesn't give u cheap plastic feel but is pretty good to touch. 7. Responsive screen does not lag. Overall looking at the price it's a must buy if this is ur range. As far as amazon delivery is concerned got it sharp within 24 hours each time I have ordered it. Keep up the good work guys.
All function are good, but the piece is more delicate, my display has broken once it fall down
it' s ok in its segment, speed is sometimes slow. I feel bad while using it sms and music app.
This Micromax Canvas is just awesome. I like this phone. The phone comes in just perfect time.
This is a really good phone, considering it's price point and the assured updates for 2 years.
wonderful performance ... even i do not found this type of performance in 15k phone...........
wow very good phone with good features. and best service given by amazon. Thank you
well done @amazone for my fast delivery ...micromax a1 is quietly same to moto e ...very happy
Really good phone has great specs but the camera disappointed me a bit else everything is cool
it's great to use this type of phone at this amount with lots of applications and much more...
Can't send and receive the application . No file manager. I want to refund my money.
I received this product in well condition. one item screen guard was missing in the enclouser.
Was promised gift vouchers within one month bt still waiting for gift vouchers from two months
with in a week it required service center help for speaker damage and not available there....
Nice phone, I have no issue with this phone but still not recd any airtel 6 month free package
Very poor performance incoming voice is very low I will give -be rating.don't buy this product
Good mobile for the price with guaranteed software updates directly from google for two years.
The device I got is not having inbuilt memory of 4GB and the refund cheque I got was not valid
using this device now first week sounds good no issues so far thinking of buying for my friend
Amazing phone by micromax. fast and smooth. Good experience of android. "paisa vasool"
its a nice mobile with different facilities , the only part which is trubliing me is charging.
Nice budget phone and timed delivery for this product. Waiting for next os update from google.
Nice fone, No laging.. screen size and viewing angles good.Camera quality is not as expected..
Is Value for money no doubt just gets heated when playing heavy games thats the only downside.
All the features are fine but the battery of 1700 mAh is the drawback for a 4.5 inch screen...
Best phone in this price. Very good performance Working Fast good camera result
ok but battery backup was poor & 3G connectivity was not there. speed was good as ram was 1gb.
Awesome mobile.... But if bateery would be 2500mah then it would be more awesome...
Nice mobile for the price. Only drawback is 5mp camera. Otherwise, the phone is good and fast.
Great phone...awesome specs at this price...had bought it for my mother...she just loves it...
ok.good product. but where is the mobile pouch. please launching the immediately. thank uuuu
Quite a good smartphone in this price range. Camera quality is good, front camera too is good.
Good phone, beautiful screen, build quality is good. go for it. Battery is poor. 1 day hardly.
I had bought these 2 devices for me & sister. This device is totally a mini computer in pocket with quad core processor &1gb ram it gives thundering fast multi tasking experience You can handle multiple mail account s on this device like outlook on computer All updates come to u directly from Google You will get 8gb micro sd card as free & 15 GB on Google drive Accessories are of real good quality On design front coin design of camera makes it an out of the box design Its just a 6.5k INR cost device but gives performance higher than some of 40k INR cost devices Downloading & uploading speeds are bullet like fast due to quad core Play any of the app like WhatsApp, twitter, bbm, Viber,gmail, line, we chat, hike, Skype, games none of those hangsup I had tested it with 10 apps running side by side none of it hangs Photographs are really good quality by both of cameras This is really a mini pocket computer
Wifi crashes , battery works not more than 4 hours , internet crashes , etc. Worse than worst
Very nice phone in these price range upto expectations. Amazon service is also too good.
Got it for my friend, Works as advertised. But still has not got lollipop update from google.
To more feature in this smart phone range. Too good camera and too better flash of this phone
Really nice phone. A person who had a first look. He really like it nd appriciate this phone.
Few simple functions are excluded so its complicated other wise good as per price is concern.
Found software issues. The phone was at Micromax service center after 20 days of purchase. :(
Best ever product from micromax. Running multiple applications doesn't effect on performance.
All was good. Touch was nice. Only issue was its sound is less, both while ringing n talking.
It's a good mobile at this rate n camera pic quality is good. But travel adapter not working.
battery backup is very less. Need to recharge twice daily. Else very good and cost effective.
Seamless experience. Stock android is nothing like on the other budget phones with big names!
Yes i am relay happy with this Mobile as per mentioned futures and functions and best budget.
Keeps disconnecting from wifi.Micromax dinn't turn up with solution hence i had to return it.
I like it. The finish of the phone is good. The screen is also sharp and pleasing to look at.
Best mobile phone one can buy.....affordable and good specs in it... Micromax A1 is best
Until now its awsome ............. it would have been nice if u guys have provided insurance.
Value for Money Smartphone Good Battery Backup Smaller Screen Size Cute Design
I am absulately satisfied with performance of product keep it up all the best lt col tbsbedi
The phone is good looking as well as snappy.It is perfect phone and has a very decent camera.
the deviuce cannot be connected to PC running with win XP via the usb cable. It needs drivers
Excellent value form money Phone. I would recommend this phone for beginners for smart phone.
Did Not meet the quality per expectations, Even Micro SIM & Data Card Slots were not working.
Very good mobile from Micromax . Fast process and light waight . But Battery is little weak .
This handset is very very nice.......fast, light weight, full functions, low price....GREAT!!
I had already used the Blackberrys, Samsung notes and even iphone. But wanted an android with dual SIM within a restricted budget of Rs. 5500/-. On the day the Google androidOne launched, I was astonished with the package. Increasing my limit merely by Rs. 1000/- I have got an outstanding product in my hand, on the next day only. And yes, hats off to Micromax by enhancing their user interface which gives the smooth feel even better than its funbook. It is the best and economical phone in this category..
shipping good. super.
super phone with all the facility within a low price,,,, the best low price Android for ever
Dont Buy it for 6000 . There are many other good options . Good for noobies only.
It was a gift for my Mom...n she says good phone with nice features within such a budget..!!
Using it since its launched, working perfectly one of the best cheap - stock android phones.
Worth for money. Only drawback is speaker being placed back side.thus ringtone volume is low
I bought for my dad one of the best phone of micromax loving it.. and best service by amazon
This is a really nice phone! But can any1 tell me when is the lollipop update going to come?
I have parchesd tha phone n its izi to ues lovly phone evar gd loking phone I love tha stayl
good phone. Camera clarity is less but apart from that nice phone to purchase for this rate.
Mobile is quite good but its headphone is not good.Jst after 1 month its not working at all.
There is a problem with the new set that it has no USB port so I am going to suffer for that
I got it from amazon after launch using it bruttly , work fantastic. Good one from micromax.
really nice phone...good features and fast processing speed....serves the purpose overall...
The only things missing is OTG support, we would love to get it in any update if possible...
Amazing product from Micromax. Very nice phone on that price. Thanks to Google and Micromax.
for cost wise it is cheaper and better. But this configuration really works? its a question.
It is an awesome budget phone having very good specs. As of now I haven't faced any problem.
More then value for money phone. Excellent touch response among these price range of phones.
Delivery is to much late it almost took 10 days...but the phone is really awesome...........
It serves you more than your expectation at such a great price. Its really an awesome phone.
Everything is great except Battery and Internal Memory, but at this price it is great phone.
Good overall, but sometimes Camera Stops working, have to restart the phone to make it work.
Excellent product, rear camera quality is superb compared to other phones of dame megapixel.
I have brought it for my dad. Phone is good to use as all applications are already available
good phone at low price only battery backup is very-very bad Baki sb kuch accha h.
Please amazon provides its original back cover in white, red,yellow coloured back panels....
The camera is simply great. As an Androd 1 product, this outclasses the kitkat 4.4.4 models.
Superb But there is only one issue that is battery. Gaming experience is awesome.
Battery life can be made better, but for this cost you can't ask for more! Phone is amazing.
I rated over all Micromax Canvas A1 is very good in this price range and very user friendly.
very good phone but if provide flap cover than more better , battery also discharge speedily
It's the very first time I got the defected product from Amazon. The phone wasn't starting .
This is my first android phone and I am fully satisfied. Its a amazing phone only on Amazon.
i;am very happy for your sevice one day delvary sestam . i recd.prodect in 23 ohr. thank you
Its Excellent worth of money in today's time. With 8GB SD Card its a great deal with AMAZON.
I am a bit confused. I got this phn on sbi card so IF they give me 10% cashback then it will cost me at a final price of 5850/-. I dont know when i will get it, but i hope it is soon. I HAVENT GOT COUPONS WHICH AMAZON PROMISED. SO I DONT KNOW WHY THE HELL IS THAT? PROS: -Good looks -Speedy phone -No over heating till now -All functions ok -Battery gud till now. CONS(MANY): -Not a user friendly phone, not even closer to samsung -Cant connect with pc. It will get connected when it wants to & will hang your pc.. -Only camera pics can be transfered to pc. Whatsapp pics not visible in pc. -If u look at the screen from an angle, u can clearly see light bulbs which illuminate the screen! Very pathetic. -I can say its delicate, not rough and tuff. -Late delivery as they selected A LONG ROUTE TO DELIVER IT TO MY CITY. IT WASTED 2 DAYS!!! U can buy it for a change. OTHERWISE DONT! THIS GOOGLE PHONE DISAPPOINTING.
This phone is far better than what I had expected!! I had seen Micromax phone previously. But this particular model is far superior than that. Most importantly, I have pleased with the display for this phone. The phone is very responsive and quite fast too. Add to this the fact that there will Google updates for next two years. Plus all the other goodies in this phone. And it becomes a real value for money. I have got it for my father, aged 65, who has never used any touch screen device. He has also liked it a lot. This is his first smart phone. I got the delivery on third day at Nagpur. Thanks to Google, Micromax and Amazon for this amazing product. I recommend this phone to all the first time users of Android devices. It is an absolute value for money. You won't get anything better than this at such a price. Just go for it guys. And hence I am rating it with five stars. This phone truly deserves it.
superb phone , with super price , no heating issues , touch sensitivity very nice , love it
Except the case and earphones, the phone is awesome. Highly recommended for rough use.
Nice phone, you won't get similar phone at such a low price. I really recommend this phone.
Its fine and properly packaged,reached safely to us.The product is also durable and useful.
According to its price it is a better phone ,but the quality of camera should be more good.
quick delivery from amazon and the productbis flawless, superb,good quality indian company.
One of the best phone from micromax under Google Android One initiative. Value for money...
Good and smart phone. Good interface and absolutely value for money. Ordered 2 such phones.
Its really best cell..I have ever seen..price n features are accurate..thanx to amazon.. :)
The battery life is so poor. When charging the battery 100% it is still not last for 01 day
I'm satisfied with the product. I ordered it for a friend and he seems very happy using it.
Powerful phone.I'm using its since two week its running very fast and very smooth.I love it
Maximum features available at this price . The only problem I feel is fast draining battery
Pathetic battery back up and irritating touch screen. Phone simply freezes most of the time
Nice phone and great value for money. Micromax refining day by day. Amazon service awesome.
Nice to use this low budget mobl running great battery performance is gud as my moto g.....
This is not a mobile it is desktop. AlwAys battery dow. No user friendly. Don't purchase
I love this mobile. All facilities are very good. I like also amazon.in. delivery very fast
I have Lost my Android One that I have purchased Can there is a way to find out that phone.
one of the best in the price segment and best part is OS wont get outdated for next 2 years
Sound quality of speaker is not so good.. Also having issue with wifi and gprs connectivity
Mobile performance is good but your offers are too poor. there are no sance in your offers
All z well except that its not possible to keep a single sim inactive..there is no option..
Nice phone but heats up when used continuously for hour And battery back up is a issue
yes this phone is good, android one is best software micromax 2/5 android one 4/5
Mast phone,......using it for 1 month...phone performance is at par in this price range....
Gud look n features but sm time zooming out n getting hanged need to rmv battery n restart.
awesome phone... love the pure "android"... 2 good screen size.... with this prize.
excellent phone for low budget, i gift this to someone, he like it, i grab this for 4999rs
best phone from micromax at this rang ...really ..fell in love with this phone....must buy
Its very good phone, very light, easy to use, bettry back is good. very good in low budget
A worst phone which I had bought ...because it's getting a heat on gaming for 15 minutes..
Good phone updates version, everything is good but spekar sounds is very slow voice calls
Awesome phone!!! Even phone of 15k range can't match this phones performance... Must buy!!
Phone was awesome smooth touch experience no lag in gaming I suggest everyone to buy it...
It's a good phone I recommend this phone to every one to buy . I am happy with a 1
Nice mobile with great features and also delivered on time. so thanks amazon and micromax.
Its an amazing phone.screen size is very comfortable.sound and camera clearity is amazing.
Battery is the minius feature in this phone other than this all others are great feature..
Value for money. Great product if you looking for a budget smart phone. Impressive device!
Great mobile at Cool price...faster opening of apps..good internet connection speed..
Expect the Battery life, there is nothing to worry about the phone. It is an awesome phone
I am using this phone for past one month very good to use phone, it gives value for money.
Very Good phone with various big features ... Except for the battery it's only 1700 man...
Fast and good. Quality of photo from camera, average. Given the cost, its value for money.
Everything is working satisfactory except the battery not sufficient for working full day.
The phone is good. Reviews and comparison with other phones helped in choosing this model.
Excellent Camera quality is nice Overall performance in this price is very nice.
m loving it.. its been 1 month since m using it.. its amazing in a very low price. :)
it is very good mobile considering the price. all application and functions are available
Good one... Good configuration and so Good performance as well.. working fine as expected!
Perfect phone for the price except the hearing volume is very poor and Amazon is real fast
just got it in 1 day, wonderful phone at this price, loved the screen,camera love it
The phone is beasutiful , working very fine , Thanks to Google for making an amazing phone
Got it today just exactly like nexus fantastic phone fantastic packaging fantastic amazon
Awesomeness redefined with this phone...butter smooth performance with a decent camera...
the only problem is its battery backup(upto 18 hrs) and camera in night rest is well
Android one is the best budget phone from google. All the best features are incorporated.
Well..it's a fantastic machine for daily comute.thanx Amazon, delivered within Nexus day.
Superb performance... But battery backup is not good. otherwise mobile is Superb...
k. fine but back side so many times automatically phone heat reduced.......i am satisfied
Best phone in dis price segment !! It wld HV been 5 stars if d battery backup was good !!
Experiencing a wonderful technology and peace of mind at such a lowest price. Go ahead...
I have been using for last one month or more...looks pretty good..... Thank u.
Easy to use, nice look and in this price range best smartphone than any other smartphone.
Nice phone in this range. I bought this as a gift to my father. He is very happy with it.
Excessive power consumption when the data is ON.....rest is all good...worth-purchasing..
mobile set meets all my expectations . it is an excellent phone in this price range.
Good phone but hang sometime.poor battery backup and camera result not good as I thought.
It's good cell phone with fully loaded features. Price should be around 5000 will better.
Just after one day, you have given discount of 10 %, so you should consider our case too.
outstanding handset for average people,same handset by Lg at 18500, using since one month
Value for money. Read my full review of Micromax Canvas A1 at rationaltechie.blogspot.com
nice mobile i am satisfied this mobile and i am happy from purchase amazon thank you
Phone is good.But Amazon fooled me with EMI option.They didn't convert the amount to EMI.
Very good fone.very smooth interface.feels much more expensive than the price. Thumbs up!
Suprbbbbb faster.... But how I get updates can anyone tell me and and what about warranty
Nice phone with Google. Its like the nexus. User memory is great for playing games in HD.
Phone is excellent except its battery....if i play games 10 min its battery drain to 5-7%
No words to say....its an excelent....good mobile in budget...and service also too good..
Speech volume is very low. Speaker is placed at the back side. User manual is very brief.
awsome phone at ₹ 6599... jst grab it.. Touch response is awsome. Jst love it..
you told that after purchasing you will get discount coupon but still I am waiting for it
It's a good phone within this price range as compared to sony, samsung and other devices.
VERY GOOD PHONE. BUT VERY HAPPY IF BATTERY BACK UP IN 3 DAYS. I AM SATISFY FOR THIS PHONE
I would give 5 stars for the phone..but I still have not received the 2000 worth coupon..
Its very good phone at this price the price,camera,sound all are great Its good
Good device, simple easy to use android backed by all google apps. Good value for money!!
Really value for money phone, far better than any phone around this price like Redmi etc.
Value for money.....
Has a very smooth UI
Worth the price. Battery Backup is good, Camera is average. Overall Performance is Good.
its having nice features in this price..... browsing section very fast in android one...
Good product. But file receiving through bluetooth is not working. Overall good product.
Value for money, and works like a charm. Albeit a little bland looking and heavy to hold
Love this phone, have a great features expect battery backup. All in All nice phone
Nice experience... "Itne paise mein isse zyada aur kahin nahi milega"
Till now its working good, amazingly good one.The best one for android lovers. Thank you
Excellent Mobile with the price and good delivery process..reached at home within 3 days
Yeah. I think it is cheap n best in its range. The only one problem its battery backup.
Performance is good. One should compromise with battery. It is lasting for only24 hours.
If u really want to experience the nexus in this price range go for this. Worth buying.
Its a good phone, the functions are easy. compared to the price the performance is good.
ITS GOOD MOBILE IN THIS SEGMENT AND WORTH OF MONEY. BUT ONE DRAW BACK OF ITS THICKENSS .
Good mobile overall, the display however is a bit dim even on the max brightness level..
Andr One is cool from Micromax...although Cam isn't..but that isn't my need currently!!!
Good Phone and good price. Have been using it for few weeks now, no complain, as of now.
Power button stopped working in 10 days. Amazon pls help the phone was a gift for my dad
A nice smartphone in this range. Battery backup is not so good. I recommend to buy it...
Battery backup is disappointing. Even after charging 100℅, it drains out within 2 hours.
Nice phone with cheaper version of latest android but i think battery back is quite poor
It is a budget phone having almost all kind of facility. Look is good & light in weight.
Micromax canvas a1 is the very good performance. Hd game supported. Every thing is good.
Very good product with excellent performance; delivered efficiently at affordable price.
Very poor battery back up. Bad voice quality. Faster than phones with same configuration
Awesome exprince gr8 responsse n pretty gud sound :) overall a CRACKER Deal :)
but cam quality not as good as unite 2...i think its not 5mp phone is superbb
Superb phone but some time crash reports are show this is not good for phone health.....
For a pricetag of 6.5k definitely it is a good phone. Feels good in hand while using it.
best phones in this price range and more over regular frequent updates by google so njoy
Nice phone with effective price... Nice performance.. Very much handy.... Always updated
I am satisfied purchase a mobile. All features are excellent. I like a mobile very much.
I got this phone in Oct and really not happy with the performance. After a week or so it started to hang. But I ignored it and used to switch off and switch on the phone again. Today again it hanged and all i can see is emergency call screen and text in some other language. Took out the battery/ sim and reinserted many time. Still the same screen. Cannot go into settings or any other folder. There are no extra application downloaded in the phone except for watsapp. I was skeptical about Micromax initially but wanted to give it a chance. Big mistake!! My advice is, put some extra money and go for better company. All the reviews are for the specs v.s. price. But durability and reliability is zero. Unfortunately the return period expired 3 days back. I guess the phone is designed to last just long enough for free return period to expire :)
It took me just half a day to be half mad and fully frustrated after i received this product. No fault from amazon side but this micro max product is such a disaster that any one will bang his head on walls after purchasing this product. First of all the WiFi do not work properly with this product, Even though if some time it works you will not be able to download any applications from the play store(Damn error 489 will again and again come up front of you) when i had a word with micro max customer care department stating them that its just 1 day since i received this product and i am facing this problem they told me we can not fix this issue take it to nearby service center, Just imagine how lame you will look holding a phone in service center which is less than 24 hours old. The service center persons of micro max and the customer care department of micro max are such a dumb fellows they do not have any idea what to do to fix the problem. service center guy told me to submit the phone so that they can fix the problem and for min 6-9 days..... i was out of my words when i listened that. second the quality of the back flip is made up of such a pathetic material that it will certainly break if you will open the back flip for more than 5-6 times. thankfully it was amazon who helped me at last and in a single go and were ready to refund the whole amount(in just 24 hours ). It felt like it is the biggest mistake of my life that i went for this micro max product. Pathetic service from customer care and service center. Before purchasing this product i will suggest you all just go to a nearby service center of micro max and just feel the environment of screaming and head banging helpless customers and just decide by yourself that if any fault happen with the product in nearby future who will be there to help you out.
Guys, please stop writing an essay. In your reviews be crystal clear about what's good and what's bad about this phone. Long essays will not going to help other users those who wish to buy. In short, this phone is stunningly good in all the aspects which includes cost too. However, there are few leads & lags in it,as stated below & which are based on my whole one week usage. 1) Both Cameras doesn't work at all in lower lights or in night mode, moreover i would say it made only for the situations where lux level of light is quite good. 2) Battery sucks, it drains like non stoppable water leakage through taps. 3) Display quality is manageable, no complaints at all 4) User experience is amazing in all aspects like Stock android interface is beautiful, various apps runs flawlessly, even it plays HD videos too. In short, phone is good with few more expectations for next round of Android one Phones ( Battery, Display & Camera needs to be Improved next time)
awesome phone, well worth the money and the google tie up makes the deal even hotter!!! pros- 1. quad core processor 2. 1gb ram 3. rear camera is good 4. memory expandable upto 32gb 5. solid build, not like chinese crap cons- 1. screen resolution is average 2. battery talk time is 6 hours as claimed by the company, which is average but still, amongst the android one competitors from karbonn and spice, the phone is good, and it doesn't feel cheap in hand at all. PS: the limited time offers posted above makes this a must buy. don't think just go for it!!!
Fantastic cell in this price range. Very good budget phone with all the basic features!
Camera quality is not good.. Pictures not clicking perfectly.. Both front and rear also
Best product but internal memory not show. So you purchese this phone inot sugest ....
Nice product at this price point and also pure lollipop implementation makes it awesome
Nice Phone. No issues so far. The android OS is really good compared to older versions.
Super mobile.excellent touch.nice ui. Budget phone.dilivery in just two days by amazon.
Excited to have this mobile as my first android device. Excellent phone for this price.
Micromax A 1 is very good camera picture quality and 1gb ram work very fast browser ing
Very Good, till now no issues, meeting my expectations. Battery back up to be improved.
It is nice and satisfying . I need to se for some more time to give accurate feed back.
It's a nice phone with the best of the features for this price. Good one go for it guys
I am satiesfy with my phone . But battery backup is low. Nice smartphone with lowprice.
It is a nice phone, but battery capacity is less 1700mah except this all are very nice
Bhai mast phone hai itna mast phone hai ki isme na to gallery hai or na file manger hai
Battery consumption is fast..slow internet activity.. Music player design is not good..
the best phone under 12000 so smooth also good display thanks amàzon for early delivery
Valuable for each and every penny u spend.Not much cost and good work in overall design
A smart phone with complete value for money. My Thanks to Google & Micromax.
HI Friends Canvas A1 Mobile Is Excellent And Economic Mobile . And i thanks to AMAZON.
Awesome phone. Great features, smooth. Latest android for 2 years, quad core processor.
VERY BAD EXPERIENCE, I FEEL MICROMAX MUST THINK ABOUT QUALITY GIVEN.. TO THE COUSTMERS
Comp airing to other mobile in same range it is better . Its look is very nice also.
everything is gud except this battery issue..gud features with next 2 year auto updates
Made in china with worst quality. It makes you feel that you are holding a cheap phone.
moto e is much better option....i have both the phones and moto e is much much beter...
Awesome Phone for its price range. Pro- fast, responsive. Con- camera, battery, sound
yes its good, but sometimes the Play Store was not working, its solve now .no problems.
Rcvd da phn 2day til now wrong gr8..I WS suppose to rcv coupons too.. Didn't get that..
A ausum ausum phone for INR 6500. Not satisfied with the camera but its not that bad..
Quite comfortable n attractive set,easy to handle with smooth features.I just loved it.
Worth for Money.. Those who are looking for more features in less price can go for it .
Micromax canvas is a wonderful device which can camp are with Samsung affordable device
Nice phone in thi price..very good and fast processer and bettry backup is also good...
Phone is nice but one function is bad. Contact Searching system is not proper work
It's good but it's camera feature are not so good. Overall performance is satisfactory.
Bet budget phone with decent battery. very good speed because of 1GB RAM and processor.
Smart phone at best price.. Battery is not that powerful,, everything else works fine..
I got the phone defected at first one it is very difficult to return product for refund
Good production, the build quality looks decent. I would say a good buy for this price.
The phone is of good quality and specs are also good..nice to have it a value for money
Excellent phone in this price range no issues till date using for more than 10 days....
Awesome phone. Great features. Only Issue is camera should work without external memory
image viewer working slow. no sim phonebook manager & no file manager but good mobile..
Does not have video calling feature on 3G network inspite of having secondary camera!!!
Awesome product at such a competent price.....timely delivery by Amazon....Thumbs up!!!
Beast mobile compare to its price, buit quality and the screen size, speed is very good
So far I liked the phone. Never expected such quality from Micromax. Android one rocks!
Loved the Phone very much after using it for few days. Worth for the cost and had no issues at all. Photos are not great but we can't expect more from a 5MP camera. I do suggest to go for it.
Very Efficient mobile for this cost...Speed is good with Kitkat OS....and Handy too...
All good.Any day better than an phone in the range up to 12K. No regrets,not one.
Overall functioning of mobile is very good.but camera and battery are not satisfactory
Purchased before 1 month,no problem other than battery backup... Value for money...!!!
Great phone in this price range... :) Bought two one for me another for my friend.. :)
best and quality phone from MICROMAX INDIA LIMITED....superb features in less price...
Good but battery backup is low as per expectation of me as per the product of Micromax
no internal memory for user use. all 4GB (WHEN I CHECKED - 2.7GB) for application use.
There are many apps like file manager etc. not loaded in the phone. It,s a big problem
Smartphone has not have gallery and file manager. Otherwise it is good in functioning.
The phone suits to all category of person for their pockets. a very well smart phone.
Using 4rm 24 days . Just want to say ;) . Nothing like anything :)
As per price Phone is ok..But there is no Gallery & Music Player inbuilt in the Phone.
Excellent handset & really value for money. 1gb ram is effective for smooth operation.
Its a first step to provide higher technology at a competitive rate. Its worth !!!!!!!
Fumbling a bit with a few functions, otherwise 5 star. But worth the money all the way
Goos quality Product specially in this rate, Perfect match for my need with this price
nice looking mobile.please refund me Rs.48.because mobile delivered me after 48 hours.
Really smart and pretty phone.work nicely.only problem changing battery..please fix it
Its just a great according to its price. I love it. ,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,amazing
Bluetooth is not compatible with other phones...... Price wise other things are good..
It is awesome cell , but I don't know why amazon din give me my coupon worth Rs. 2000
This is good handset in this price range but UI in contacts messages is not up to mark
Delivery was quick, Its a great instrument and thank God it has an instruction booklet
pretty decent, loaded with features, sleek to hold, should work on volume of ringtone.
Very nice smartphone. Good camera, design, touch, no hangs. Value phone in this price.
This is a very good product. If you remove logo of micromax one can not identify that this is a micromax mobile. It has very good body. Back panel is very good make. It is very thin and light weight mobile. I love this mobile and feel very happy to gift it to my loving wife. Pros: 1) Sleek and slim mobile 2) New design 3) Amazingly fast processing and no lagging at all. 4) 2 GB internal memory for apps. 5) Camera quality is very good. 6) No heating 7) High antutu benchmark. 8) Pure android and guaranteed update for next 2 years 9) Manufactured in hong kong in spetember 2014 only. 10) Free screen guard Cons: 1) No apps like gallery- so difficult to navigate videos and photos easily. 2) No file manager. Simply love this phone and offer from amazon of 10% cashback.
I was totally apset becasue as soon I received it was not charging I went to micromx service center they charged me 800 Rs for service that too within 24 hours purchasing it online thank you
Cons: WiFI Battery Pros: Price WiFi is spotty, WiFi will not be connected for a longer time. I had to disable and connect again to make it work. @Will be returning the product.
Cons:If you are reading this review that means that you are planning to buy this phone.A normal person will buy this phone because it is from google so its build quality will be good.I am using the phone since october,and i dont find anything that a google phone has.you wont believe but when I play asphalt 8 on this phone,it gets heated as someone has put it on fire.Heating issues are not only while playing heavy games,it also gets heated if you talk for long hours.Battery backup is also an issue,only 5 to 6 hours after fully charged. Pros:This phone has a very good scope of development,if you will install custom roms on the device it is a very nice device in that aspect.Also it never hangs.Camera is also good. Suggestion:If you want to buy a low budget phone that gets OTA updates then do not buy this,buy a motorola!!!!
Poor Battery Backup
This phone is good.camera super.no hang.no slow. Look button only repair. Super phone
awesome phone.. I just love it! but do not update it's version.. it will look boring
Good phone. Takes sometime to get used to. Additional SD card was provided as bonus.
I have been using this cellphone since months but its running smoothly and efficietly
very nice phone one must buy this with all the feature which one smart phone can have
Excellent phone...meet all my expectations.. Nd the best part is.. It doesn't hang...
Fantastic Phone at this price Go for it without second thought. Superb Built quality.
Good mobile phone for the first time users with great specs at such affordable price!
Enjoy Pure Android Experience At A Peanut Price. Thanx For Amazon For Good packaging.
Excellent value for money, with the option to upgrade to current versions of Android.
This phone is same of the nexus 5 and moto g 2......nice phone...I love this phone...
All functions are good but file manager system is worst .Hence no properly set files.
Using this mobile for two months and its good to have one and recommended for many...
Nice phone got 8 gb micro sd card and screen guard free with this phone Thanks Amazon
Good phone even if I find it sometime not very audible, talking about the microphone.
There are lots of issues with the SD card and apps getting uninstalled unknowingly ..
From front all android one look same. But at backside micromax is better than others.
The camera on the back side of white color phone looks bit odd. Otherwise good option
Its best phone for every person and very useful features are included in this phone.
The android one is very Nice. So many features are given. Value for money. So buy it.
This is the worst phone. Guys please don't buy it. Micromax service is also very bad.
Phone is fine, worth considering the price. However never received the SBI cash back.
THE PRODUCT IS GOOD IN ITS RANGE. GOOGLE GIVES THE 2 YEARS OS UPDATE THAT IS AWESOME.
nice, handy, comfortable to use, no problems as yet and hopefully none in the future.
Its amazing. Using the phone from last one month. No complain. Gud buy at this price.
It's a nice phone with all current facilities but my charger got damaged in few days
Very Good product...at such a cheap price....amazon service is also upto expectation.
good phone with features and at this amazing rate.Please send the gift vouchers early
It is good product. Value for Money. Amazon Service is excellent. Really appreciable.
Everything are good. I love the phone very much. The only problem is battery back up.
The play store is not working. Internet connection works sometimes. Not a good choice
Good phone. Love the display, touch, smoothness, performance etc. Camera is good too.
My experiance is worth sharing. it's very fast and all applications are working fine.
Best mobile in its range...wonderful touch screen and voice command...Slim and sharp.
Good one. But replying to a message with an attachment of phone book is not available
Amazingly well performing phone.. True value for money. Thanks to Google and micromax
It is very fast and user friendly. But the SLIT has not come to the market till now.
I found front cam has some issues with dis mobile... does any one found da same issue
Dont buy this cheap micromax,there is no update from google...its really dissapointed
Best package of speed and performance and attractive looks. So handy and lightweight.
Mini nexus No doubt It is a budgeted phn BT still far better than Samsung high budgeted phn Here are d pros. 1 processor is just perfect 2 battery quality is again good long last for a day 3 also hs front camera which is not in motog 4 stylish back cover far better than any Samsung phn 5no lag found in playing asaphalt 8 wch MNS this mini nexus can handle high quality apps 6 free up gradation from google wch z nly prsnt in nexus Con's 1 camera loving person will not love this nexus mini too much.good during d day BT poor quality i n night 2 low internal memory although comes with 8 GB memory card BT not of good quality 3 heating problem detected. If charge d phn cntinusly for an hr. Overall too good In 6500 can beat any phn in its range .and yes it is mini nexus
What a super phone ever. Its functioning performance all at a just single click. Felling so happy by buying this phone.what gorgeous look of it how slim and a camara its so superb all over
I expected the phone to be a far better one as it is made by Google's specifications. Main issues I faced, 1. Error 489 while downloading apps. 2. SIM1 Slot not catching good network 3. Data On sign is not shown 4. Trying to choose a ringtone - there's no list shown. It only displays "none" 5. Network issues - while the same SIM has no issues in other handsets.
It's just been less than a month and front camera has stopped working. Just today I had visited 2 service centres of Micromax, first one did not even hear my problem and stated that this is the new phone and they are unable to serve me and I need to go to other service centre in kingsway Camp. After reaching the other centre, a guy checked the phone and said that they need to keep the phone for at least 10-15 days. I asked them to check if this is just the software problem as there has been no physical damage to phone and out of the blue front camera has stopped working, he said even for that they need to keep the phone for 3 days as they need to download the software first. The guy at the other service centre was even discouraging the phone as this is not even worth buying. I doubt if I am gonna deal with Micromax ever.
nice phone i liked it it one shortcome is its batter otherwise its best in its range
I recommend if you wanted a Android one.No compromise on the quality and performance
Good value for Money. No Android L Updates yet, although that was their sales pitch.
The best phone I've used till now under 7k.... Better than moto e.. And redmi 1s....
Best VFM in the segment. Works fine without any troubles. 4 months of usage till now
A god budget friendly mobile but screen guard provided in the box is not up to mark.
it's a good phone for use. features are very good speed of OS is good and excellent.
Best performance.... Low price phone which will going to have android L lolipop
A Very Good Product offering by Google+Micromax. Easy to use and ease of navigation.
why go for high priced big brands, when we can get real value for money with the A1?
Good Phone to Buy in this range. Camera is little bit worry otherwise phone is good.
grate phone but spic and karboon has same hardware and specification in cheaper rate
The best phone to buy in this price...simply amazing features at such a low price...
battery problem , geting very hot in normal use around ( 37-42' degree).............
Good One, worth Buying, very fast shipping, delivered before estimate delivery date.
Best phone ever! Meeting every expectations! Good going Amazon ...punctual delivery!
Value for money cell.,... Only battery backup not as like 1700 mah, other wise best.
Good mobile, fast delivery by Amazon. Certainly recommend both Android one & Amazon.
The phone is nice. But battery back up is very poor. There is problem with FM radio
Awesome mobile all are working good worth for the Money .battery is good so far ....
Received a defective piece which does not have the Memory card locking latch!!!!!!!!
Good screen gaurd,easy in use of gaurd.perfectly fit on Micromax canvas android one.
Good Product and Value for Money The graphic resolution and camera are average.
Gaming is awesome.but camera and battery backup is a disappointment for this device.
Fully met my expectations. Was thrilled to receive the screen guard too.great idea !
Overall performance is good. Battery backup is not that great, need to charge daily.
Nice smartphone at this price.it is so slim and light weight.its having nice feature
guys, you can't imagine how i like that fone, this is really a pretty and high spec fone in low price range and thanx to google for that android one project ...... i got my phone today and im really happy that its too fast and to0 butterie to use ; huys, my suggestion is for you to go for it...... and grab it fastly. my likes: good design; much thin 9.0 mm speedy processing good camera and also good front camera easy interface user friendly good battery performance - as i expected that it was 1700 mah so it was average but i find it is much good in it. what i doesnt like: gallery is not there---> not a big deal have to download it; file explore---> " " guys in this price range it is totally more worthfull for price...
Used it for a couple of days and here is my review :) Pros: 1)Display is sharp enough 2)Performance is blazing fast.Never seen play store or google maps open this quick. 3)Guaranteed software update for 2years. 4)Battery- Don't underestimate this battery.It performs solid for a day's use. 5)Wifi-Micromax has finally solved the WiFi issue which I faced even in Canvas4.It now covers a longer range and gives better signal strength. 6)Phone looks damn stylish.The feel of holding the phone gives such immense pleasure :-) Con's: 1)Camera 2)Inserting micro sim is difficult. For this price it is definitely worth buying. Prefer Moto E only if don't need software updates in future.This will be the most successful budget phone ever made by Micromax.
It's a great phone in this budget and you'll getting the latest updates for 2 years
Good performance n features but battery power is not sufficient.. Average product..
nice phone but having problem with gallery ..... as it had not provided gallery app
Though the Phone is OK, SD card which come along with the device is not functioning
Awesome phone. Does not hang or lag. Will be more happy if Android L is rolled out.
Nice phone...but camera quality is not good...processing is good but not better....
amazing smart phone with wonderful feature.hope latest app.will continue in future.
Phone is good, but disappointed with battery, full charge getting for 8 to 12 hours
phone is awsone..and faster delivery from amazon also.1 star less beause of battery
product is ok but 10 % of cash back not refunded the SBI bank........ via Amwzon.in
good design and feature... Battery would have been much better atleast 2000mah
Ossammmm.,...... Canvas a1 is excellent.....amazon's service is very good...:)
Ubercool...the only problem is that app sharing can be done only using a few apps..
Definitely good product under 10,000k but the only defect is gets heated up quickly
Everything is awesome except the battery life( Works for 3 hrs max on wifi usage ).
Simply awesome.compare with any phone. I am using it for 2 months nothing beats it.
Camera Quality is not good and battery backup also not Good it is not as i expected
very good product.. but when video playing heating issue, and battery service low..
I am happy after purchase this Mobile. It has good configuration and perfect price.
Mobile is working fine, but till date I didn't get my free coupon of worth Rs. 2000
Planing 2 buy another micromax for my wife waiting for prices 2 come down. hope so.
A good functional palmtop!At least I did not regret exchanging the Nokia Lumia 520.
Mobile was Xlnt with all features. i ddn't face any issues from day 1 to till date.
Item reached safely with good packaging. So far the phone is working satisfactorily
Awesome !!! That the Word for this. Waiting for new phone like this one.
Phone is very good. Battery back up is quite good. . Very good phone at this price.
Awsm phon.. consumes battery.. but with the use of some applications it works fab..
it is very good product, i will give 5 stat rating if it is internal memory is 8GB.
fast services from amazon.in. and above device is at given prize is excellent.
It is a cute and beautiful friend (i can not see the icon when data usage is on)
Excellent phone for the price .. amazingly fast and picture clarity is very good...
Yes. I love it. Very good for the price.Will recommend to my friends and relatives.
Working in good Quality.All useful features in single mobile with affordable price.
Is this phone need for WiFi when start phone first time? My simcard not visible. Y?
Mobile is superb in specification but battery life I mean standby time is very low.
As per i imagine, this product is better than that with the compare of price.......
kya baat kya baat kya baat !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! no words. This is my 1st android phone.
Pure Android but the default settings to be made for sending sms and mobile data...
A nice smartphone with latest features at the budget price.Thanks Google and Amazon
As a piece of hardware, the phone is OK. It comes with a good set of technologies for its price. Only problem I faced was that a few apps sometimes hang (VLc, Skype)-- may be that is a problem with the apps, not with the phone. The look-n-feel of the phone is great, seems to be a durable one, handling is easy, does not get overheated while using, processor and memory performances are good. Although I'm not satisfied with the battery back-up, and audio of the device-- these are ok, but I wish these could have been better. Anyway, I think this is enough that you get for such a cheap rate. It gives you good value for your money. And also, Amazon's delivery was on time, hassle-free, and I liked the free gifts I got (8 GB micro-SD card, free screen protector, 2500/- worth gift vouchers). I'm satisfied with it.
wonderful phone with wonderful features.Micromax makes good products at good price
Excellent quality mobile for the price range . Front cam is too good !!
Phone is good but sometimes phone gets automatically switched off in between call.
awesome phone got it for 499 along with cover and memorycard thank you Amazon
very nice phone, it works very fast nd good without hanging ... just luv dis phone
every thing in this phone is up to the mark and now waiting for the lolipop update
in white color phone color look dull and not good brightness of back side of phone
camera is not giving the rated specification the phone is good for this price
At this price this is wirth to buy it,the only backdrop is Average Battery back up
It gets hang always not so good as I expected. Low sound, music experience is bad.
This product are good but usb port is not working. Mobile are not connected to pc.
Amazing phone...the internet also works very fast. Best phone in this price range.
This is full functional system in a simple price .it awesome I like it ........!!!
3.5 stars Nice phone but battery drains pretty even when used for calls only.
Poor inbuilt quality, bad display. It's a quantity phone not a quality phone.
Micromax canvas A1 is really awesome. The design should have been more attractive.
Handy, light and user friendly with strong battery support. Good camera. I like it
Not possible to connect mass storage data(memory card) with PC through data calbe.
camera not upto expectation. not satisfied with the clarity of cam.. rest al good.
Value for money... For the price, its absolutely good and no complaints as of now.
Value for money, Very Good set and speed. Good battery backup after full recharge.
I am using it from 20 Days. Its Superb. A best Android Smartphone in budget price.
learning and enjoying the system and more over enjoying to talk with my grandson .
It takes you a while to switch on/off wify/blue tooth etc insteadn a single click.
i will suggest add on few more bucks and go for a better Rs.10k mobile eg moto g2
I enjoy to use this phone I have update this phone to 5.1 lollipop version.
very good product and fast delivery keep with good product and quality more likes
Good quality smart phone for the price at which is offered. Good value for money.
Met my expectations. I simply love it and definitely recommend others to buy it.
Fast delivery, good product, value for money. I am fully satisfied with product.
Awesome fast delivery, even better than flipkart.. I love the product as well....
Best phone to buy in this price range Better than moto E and close to moto G
Decent phone considering the price. Could have been better with few more options.
Best smartphone at this price, using it since 1 month no lag and performing good,
This phone is worth of money... My son is fully satisfied with its performance...
reallyy very gr8 phone...!!!its very easy to operate nd very low price too...!!!!
Excellent product. Worth the money spent.. Definitely a product worth the cost...
Not good as per expectations .. Phone is hanging and camera quality is very poor.
Headphone's left side is not working from first day onwards.otherwise good phone.
Mobile is worth for money but Amazon after sales services are not up to the mark.
One of the best fon I till the date used At this price .never hanging problm
biggest problem with this battery back up , u need 2 batteries to use this phone.
It's very nice product. Guy's shop anything don't worry its 100% real product..
Very much satisfied with what it offers. But ders always a scope for improvement.
One of the best Mobile of Micromax people who looking in this range must buy this
No problem upto now any body want know more about this phone call me @ 8867581424
Such a quality product in reasonable price..go for it without any second thought.
the product seems to be fine. Have to see how it turns out to be in the long term
its really a nice phone..good qualiyt..value for money..i liked and recommended..
Good phone....must be 5 inch screen size or a lesser price will boost its sailing
Nice but some problem like no inbuilt file manager otherwise phone is awesome....
Good mobile Using for about 20 days. Doesn't lag when playing high graphics.
Phone is good touch is good proceesing also gud only drawback look of rear camera
its best at this price.user freindly.almost all feathers of high price smartphone
in just rs. 6499 ,this is amazing phone,with good features except battery backup.
Great phone.. Smooth and zippy interface, clear display, great value for money.
just fantastic device, within a budget and truly a "smart" phone!!!!!!!!!
10 days of experience was very good. Working fine. No lags. Go for it.
Value for money, best phone at this prise range. Got update for lollipop too....
Very very very nice phone. Low price and high class performance. Thanks micromax
Excellent in low price,since no problem in hanging but new version don't install
Only I can say that Processing speed is awesome . Overall good budget phone
Like the phone but did not like the metal look at the back near the camera area.
Awesome phone with affordable price, thank you for so many complimentary coupons
Its a good one. But some features need update. Micromax should take care for it.
Its good in the price range having better experience than other micromax mobile.
Battery warm so quickly if regular used,otherwise its a gd phone in this ranage.
Could not believe that such a low cost phone met such high expectations of mine.
very nice phone no hang batry lif e very long screen was long.looking very good.
Google based os nice looks like moto which cost much more as compare micromax A1
Micromax brings excellent phone at affordable price with great features.......:)
Amazing device at this cost. Good value for money. Parcel was delivered on time.
good phone good battery last nearly 8-10 hours even after playing clash of clans
It's all right.No problum, service is also quite satisfactory. Thanks to Amazon.
It was my first ever order and I m much satisfied specially the tracking system.
Overall Good Product expect the screen which is not guarded by a protected glass
It is a very good product for the common people having almost feature of amobile
Superb phone at remarkable price, worth every penny you spend as a budget phone.
good smart phone in this price category and over all its worth for this price...
Micromax Canvas A1 with Android one is a good smart phone,It is worth the money.
Really very बकवास experience . Not about Mobile... About Couriers 
Great features in the price range .. Stock Android phone worthy of investment !!
A very good phone at a very good price. Really love the features of Android One.
Good product...music quality is good...battery is average...overall worth buy...
Very good at this cost. But speaker is very poor. Memory card slot got loosened.
its good but flip cover must be require with it which is not abvailabe till date
This is a amazing phone and also fulfill all our expectation and also in budget.
I m very happy with the working...but the battery backup is not up to the mark..
problem with battery, function of phone is good but battery discharge very soon,
Its a friendly phone & I love it very much. Easy to operate & good looking too.
Everything as expected except thee hating problem. Its a good buy in this price.
awesome device... best possible in this price range. Friends envy... my pride :)
Very much worth the price. Competes easily with the best high end smart phones .
Excellent phone. Awesome features. Processor is best in class at a nominal price
Hiiiii guys... I got my canvas a1 on 15th october....so its like 7 days i've been using this device..... Pros- 1.no lags at all 2.awesome camera...superb quality pic in daylight.... 3.touch is really great.....very smooth and responsive 4.Will get android l update very soon....it will be alongside the nexus update. 5.Airtel 3g offer. 6.Could play high end games like modern combat 5 with no lags Cons- 1. The screenguard that came with this is not of good quality. 2. The back rubberized panel is prone to fingerprints and scratches....beware of that. 3. The sound quality is not good but it's considerable. Final line- This phone is really a great buy at this point of price......Go for it blindly.
The phone is amazing. It works very smoothly. But after usage of around 2 weeks now I have encountered some issues i. e. The wallpaper changes automatically. Sometimes, after I watch videos, the Wifi signals are available yet the net doesn't work, when I restart the phone it works properly. Sometimes when I watch photos, the app closes itself. And the last is I have grouped my apps and games on my home screen but after I restart the phone the groups vanishes or only some apps are available. These are certain bugs not a defect, it could be solved with an update. Apart from this the phone is a beast. It runs high graphic games very smoothly without lags . Camera especially front camera is amazing. The screen is clear and speakers are very good.
Look and feel wise .. it is good .. Camara is also good (front and back - you can expect good clarity pics) .. worst battery .. I have charged it fully and its.. gone switched off by midnight .. with bare minimum use (less than 10pics - not even fb/games .. no games installed .. whats app and browsing for 1 hr and less that 20 mins talk time) .. its not charging fast .. you have put for minimum 4 hrs to charge battery fully. Sometimes phone is hanging .. not even responding when we use some apps .. You can think 1700mA is enough for a day use .. but it is not even as that .. If you carry a power bank/ another spare battery and if you want test/use Android L .. good to buy at that price. Over all .. Moto E is far better that this ...
1) The ear piece fell silent and I approached the service centre at Cuddalore, Tamil Nadu for repair. 2) The service centre informed that the model is not updated in the site of Micromax and hence could not undertake repair. 3) As the owner of the centre was away, I was asked to check up on the next day. 4) Next day also he was not available and I asked for his contact no. 5) He was contacted over mobile and he said that he will be back in around 3 hours and contact the Micromax company and get back to me. 6) Till date nobody called me and the mobile is not functional. 7) What is the use of such mobile if appropriate service mechanisms are not established. In such a scenario I request for its replacement immediately.
Value for money and can feel the rich experience with google ui thanks micromax
Franckly you wouldn't get a phone with such features like this on this price...
Battery makes some negative image on this model..other than everything s good..
Using it 9 months....we cannot send apps via Bluetooth via any app...no updates
not working properly, kindly send bill of this product for repair of same set .
Good options with less cost, but the problem is charge doesn't come for one day
Its a great phone by micromax. Nice touch facility, it survers all my purposes.
Good smartphone within 6k range. Could not have asked for more. Kudos micromax.
It is a wonderful smart phone at such a low price. I am a fully satisfied user.
Good phone i just want to say that under 6000 this is a best phone to buy .....
Nice phone Good display Nice Camera features Good battery backup
Very nice performance, much faster processing, best phone to buy at this range.
cool phone. I love the fact that it is Android One. Waiting for Lollipop update
This mobile has a very good features for reasonable price ..thank you amazon ..
Upgradable to lolypop 5.1, smooth touch scree, speed is good only issue is not having inbuilt file manager
Product quality not good. Delivery was very nice. 2 days before committed date.
The Bluetooth and WiFi don't work properly at all. Battery backup is very poor.
Real super phone for a great deal. The offer with 8gb card really is a boon....
The phone provided is based on old models. the features in new phones are good.
Battey backup is very less... Rest the phone is very nice and smooth working...
The ring volume is way too less. The build quality, performance etc is awesome.
Poor battery life . I didn't get a proper bill even after complaining to Amazon
data connection problem not computer in usb support......as a big problem......
The Micromax Canvas A1 with Android one is the best phone to use common people.
LIKE THE SPEED......BATTERY ALSO GOOD.......BEST BUY PRODUCT @ REASONABLE PRICE
good phone and also amazon.in is also very good web portal for online shopping.
The all over is good about phone but battery life of this phone is disappointed
excellent mobile. attractive price. good features . very fast. great experience
NEW TECHNOLOGY AT AFFORDABLE RATE WITH AMAZON GUARANTEE ....WHAT MORE YOU NEED?
Its more than worth its value & its features are as good as any high end phone.
Screen and battery could be better but overall as a 6.5k phone it's a good one.
I have used this mobile quite a while and I found that it is a copy of LG nexus
All most a good 1 except d camera...... But according 2 price it's ok.....
the service as well as product quality both were at par with global standard...
Its a good option in this low price range. But battery is not working full day.
very good phone better than others in this price range like mote e and unite 2.
Battery is very weak. When Data is kept ON, Battery gets drained within 1 hour.
Best budget phone i have ever used..(of course with some quirks here and there)
This phone is good but I got a defected piece and got my refund just in a week!
good phone but volume is very low and battery drain fast as compared to moto E.
Hey guys, After looking at so many promotion and reviews, I decided to buy it for my wife and the worst experience started from over there only. Amazon took 7 days to delivered it within Bangalore only not sure how they are delivering to other small city. However before using it, I tried to insert micro SD card in given slot and to my worst expectation, the card was not moving in.. After couple of attempted I left it to avoid any damage. I took the phone to nearby mobile repair shop and after inspecting it shopkeeper mentioned that slot is defective and it can't be workout. So now I am not able to use my phone except taking phone as all data get stored on SD card by default. My advice will be to all people that don’t take this phone.
Awesome phone works great for me brilliant touch and it works as jelly U can't get more than it in this prize range with excellent service provided by snapfeal
very good android phone compared to samsung note edge or samsung s6 or s6 edge
Wonderful delivery service. Product worth for every penny I paid. Thanks a lot
Best part is its stock android phone without any changes. appreciated google..
It is a good phone, was delivered perfectly in time, with all the accessories.
This is THE BEST Mobile u can get for such a price. Do Not Think. Just buy it.
Awesm but m disappointed bcz I didn't get free internet packs of Airtel:-( :-(
bad quality, i returned it. I have found display issue, batter overheat issue.
Good quality does not heat up all other features are good. Overall good phone.
Micromax a1 very nice... Features excellent but no direct 3g video call option
Worth a buy at this price range....really satisfied with product at this range
Batter is very poor and google maps not working as Service of Amazon is worst.
Micromax Cancas A1 is a highly updated software mobile with too much low cost.
battery drains in a day, whether use it or not, nothing so great in the phone.
Nice phone for this price yet to find about google true updates i am satisfied
phone is good but its camera is 5mp bt picture quality is not like 5mp camera.
I bought this phone one month ago .this is good but battery backup is not fine
Very impressive phone. It is the best you can find in this price. Worth a buy.
Overall phone is good but the phone I got has a problem speaker is not working
Amazon delivery service is very good & phone is also very good value for money
Mobile is Superr !!!, user interface is fast, best Android in below 7k segment
Comparatively low price in this range ! Performancewise in a heigh range.
it is the one product which will full fill all high end futures with low price
Awesome worth the price is perfect and gives more feature than rs 10000 phone
Good Phone but poor battery n some software design issues has to resolve ASAP.
Happy with the product. Did not receive the vouchers nor the discount coupons.
GOOD PRODUCT..... ****** NICE TO HANDLE LIGHT WEIGHT GOOD TOUCH
wonderful mobile for 6500 rs i like it and love it. smooth and good performer.
Excellent phone but the chrome on the camera piece gets erased after some time
Value for money. Battery life is a bit low. I strongly recommend this product.
Worst..there are no signals in both sims from very first day..defective piece.
Flwaless Packaging, Fast delivery. The phone is excellent in that Budget range
Micromax canvas a1 is cheap and best mobile. This mobile fulfill all my needs.
It is good.Please provide a poach to put it,since locally it is not available.
I like it but I am reducing one star because battery back up is not sufficiant
Awesome mobile, very smooth and fast, just the selling partner is frustrating.
It has some problems while downloading. Or else its a good value for ur money
im really very happy...nice phone and its speed also good...worth 4r tis money
Great phone.Good performance. Best thing is two years android update guaranty.
Lolly pop is good
Very good mobile.
such a nice phone
worth the payment
This is good phone, worth for the money you pay, however there are some drawbacks, built quality is not that great.. Camera stability needs a improvement. especially when you take pic's it is always dual pics or scattred pics.. I took two phone of same make, one i gifted another one i'm using it for myself. for Gifts this is great phone because i got good review and thanks for the gift :).. I'm not looking the phone maker, but i would like to say couple of words with google since you come up with Android One concepts you still make it more affordable for most of the developing countries by providing quality support and continue fix the errors which are getting uploaded on daily basis. OS needs lot of improvement..
Pretty muck able to fulfill the expectation. Value for money and worth of it.
battery is poor,having heating problem.i'm giving 4 star for it's performace.
I have received good product only. i didn't get any issues with this product.
Bought this for my dad and he loves it! Very good product for the price paid!
its very friendly mobile its working superb..... thank s to micromax & amazon
The SIM card does not work-whose name Aircel. But, It's awesome smart mobile.
everything seems good but the BATTERY on which it works makes it all barbaad.
item received in good condition and received very quickly. nice . I recomened
I am more than satisfied with this product as well as the services of Amazon.
I like it, fast delivery by amazon, product is good, packing is good. Thank u
Very nice phone, feels good in hand. Slim, touch responsiveness is very good.
Only camera and battery are not meeting expectations rest all fine n superb..
its good with limited budget unlimited features all the best for your service
I got it. Its awesome!! Phone is responding very Fast and looks good as well.
Excellent value for money !! People with much costlier phones turn envious !!
It's all good but Battery is very very week.So I can't suggest any one to buy
As of now superb but what about future dont know because jumma jumma char din
Nice handset in this range. More than i thought..... Must go for it!!!!!
Mobile is good but bettry is bed and also after charging mobile device is hot
Speaker is of poor quality Screen is dull Battery don't last 24 hrs
its working fine above my expectations.... a very good mobile in its class...
It is beautiful mobile with more features we can get it in a very least price
Product meets expectations, but Amazon's delayed delivery sucks the good mood
it is very good phone with all features.but the battery range is only 1700mha
Good phone for such a affordable price. Must for all. Thanks micromax, Amazon
It s excellent at this prise One drawback is its not offer video calling
Excellent product. Thanks to Amazon for launching such products on your site.
speed is excelent,camera is also better.performance wise..i like it very much
It is working on single SIM at a time. No signals in 2nd SIM What to do.
its good but has stooped working since october 15 bought it in late september
VERY GOOD PRODUCT BUT SCREEN RESOLUTION IS SO SO AND CAMERA QUALITY IS NORMAL
Received on time. Thanks to Amazon. Mobile is very nice and good performance.
The battery performance is not satisfactory. The rest is great at this price.
JUST STARTED USING WE HAVE WAIT FOR SOMETIME FOR MORE DETAILS AND EFFICIENCY.
Now good working google paystore in wifi Micromax Canvas A1 with Android One
Good phone under 7 K. The only drawback is battery otherwise very good phone.
Simply superb mobile. I already have canvas 4 but it is better than canvas 4.
The connectivity with WiFi after detection is an issue which needs attention.
An excellent smartphone at a reasonable price! Thank you Micromax and Amazon.
It's a good phone. working excellent till now. only battery is a bit concern.
Stylish look .. upgradable upto 2 years..Better Softwares experience. Love it
installing apps in play store is not working.. little bit of struck problem..
Look : Very good built quality. I liked the rubberized back ground, it gives a nice grip when you hold the phone. I also liked the cam section design, it look good. Performance : Very good , value for money. Software look is same as that of Moto G. Delivery : Amazon delivered the product within a day. So kudos to Amazon....
Got this phone with in 23hours of ordering in amazon.thank you amazon. micro max has understood peoples mind and has fixed less rate too.writing review after using phone for 6days.phone is just awesome with its bright screen , 4.5 inch screen and phone specifications is just good but not the camera clarity.over all its good. But micromax should been given still more battery capacity its just 1700mah.but not bad for this budget.for playing games its good and nice back panel to handle. Now over all for this budget it's really worthy.go for it. Very much use full for android beginners.totally good but battery power should have Been more.thats the disadvantage for 3g users.but just for calls and 2g its just good..go for it
Nice Phone, much better experience than what MMX offers in same price range.
problem in switching on in phone after a day itcant swith on the phone.
Excellent performance. Only drawback is that battery gets drained real fast.
Product is very nice. Loved it. Value for money. Delivery is slow.
Overall satisfied with the product. (Not expecting more than this for 6K) :)
GOOD PHONE AND GOOD SERVICE BY AMAZON.THANKS FOR GOOD DISCOUNTS. KEEP IT UP
Nice phone I buy this phone for my friend . valuable price at usable desire.
A very good phone but can u tell me how to update my android from 4.4 to 5.0
Very Good for the price only wish the speakers (the volume )would be louder!
Its good.but the charger pin of the cord does not fit. I had to buy new one.
meet the expectation with a budgetary rate of 6500 rs.goood performance too
The speeker near to front camara is not working at some time of calling.....
The phone is Ok..I didn't get any offers..memory card or any other freebie..
Excellent Smartphone Must Buy The only thing is that it has no File manager
It is a good sturdy phone. Prompt updates. These days running on KitKat 4.4.
Indian redmi features and processing of application is good gaming also good
Excellent phone, very much value for money and quick delivery from Flipkart.
The phone is good, however, the battery back up is not up to my expectation.
Using this phone since last 20days. Nice decent phone. I liked it. Go for it
Good.....but no file explorer and gallery...but works fine ones downloaded..
The 10% cash back till the date not credited. please confirm credit by date.
Fast Delivery and Product is in awesome condition... Kudos... ALL IS WELL :)
Advanced features in low budget, great combination, phone is really nice.!!!
Dispatch not as per promised paid Rs 49.00 extra but delivery not as claimed
its speaker was damaged i given to service center on second day before using
This is a awesome phone I love my canvas android one. U must be like it
excellent....battery longevity to be improved/ taken care of on priority pl.
Pruoduct is OKkk but coupons provided with the product are worst.Making fool
Great features of KitKat . Perfect mobile play and use. Go for it.
very poor phone, problems in hearing the voice our to others during the call
would have been great if inbuilt memory was 8 gb but a great value for money
Extremely satisfied with the product as well as the service of Amazon.- Amit
Nice..phone i am satisfied with every features in it.Thanks Amazon Love You.
Nice product for this amount small request plz increase Batary may that's it
recieved this phone via amazon today... initial impressions are good...
VALUE for money and Happy with the phone... excellent touch..large screen...
Good phone. Worth of money. Bud i did not get freecharge coupon worth 200.
It is very good phone for the prise. Also the best for new smartphone users.
great mobile at times the net is slow .maybe because BSNL signal is not good
Hi I purchased this Micromax android one phone on 18th September and I got it on 21 st September if.my 10 days experience say it's awesome phone don't think more buy it fast. Pros..1. good camera quality 2. Ram 1 GB 3. Nice touch screen and display 4.5 inch. 4. No heat and hanging problem. 5. Fast and latest android system. 6. Nice looking phone. 7.sound quality is good in this range. 8.network connectivity is good with 3 g. 9. Light weight. Cons. 1.Battery backup not very good its should be 2000mah. 2. No file manager. 3.flip cover not available on site. Finally I can say this phone very good for buy at 6499.I give 5 star for this.I also thanx to amazone service to reach good product.by Vijay rana.
Stellar deal !! totally worth it !
when i received mobile this is not working and looking like a old cellphone
Nice mobile.. Its never hang..its also fast..but not long life of battery..
This mobile not allowed to have video call even though having front camera.
Hi, It is fantastic, it meet the expectations for all which I thought.
best budget android phone only con is battery backup besides that AWESOME..
In this price its a amazing phone. great features and latest android 4.4.4.
Prompt delivery by amazon. The phone is working fine and good battery life.
Good service by Amazon and this is the best phone in the low price segment.
Device is not tested good by developer(Testers). It hanged some time.
I love this phone but I have wants to know how to get free software updates
Good experience android one smart phone Low cost and very good feature
this phone is good but in this phone gallery and file manager is not given.
As usual good service by Amazon. The product is worth for the money u spend
I have a wonderful experience.... So. Thank u. Very much amazon and team...
Phone is OK but Battery back up is BAD. It is not giving more than 8 hrs.
Excellent Performance. Camera, though 5 MP, is great. Processor is AWESOME.
This is the best phone in this range.All the specs are unique in this price
Good Phone for the affordable price, spare parts, and service cost is more.
quality of camera of this phone is so good and battery backup is very small
sometimes bluetooth doesn't work properly, but overall its superb & fast :)
This phone is wonderful & should meet the expectation of mid-segment users.
At this price phone is very good.Also I recommend the same product to buy.
Superb touch.and good performance on Every thing. But battery backup is low
It's an awesome phone by Micromax and even Amazon was good at delivering it
phone is gud but battery life low n downloadg very slow. Needs improvement.
Good service and product quality. Totally satisfied. Recommend to all.
good mobile. differ from other micromax mobile. better quality. android one
Great product in this price category. Battery should have been more better.
its the fantastic smartphone, having best features on this economical price
Excellent and Cost effective but not understood how to start Video Calling.
The package was awesome. This phone is just perfect. Head's of to micromax.
Good phone . Screen brightness is low and the visibility outsidoors is dim.
Internet have good performance some drawbacks low battery back up & heating
Simply Bad Phone!! It was a gift but ruined the mood after two days of use.
Amazing phone at this price... touch is very smooth.... l like it very much
smart phone is new to me but it is friendly easy to handle i like it v much
Value for Money Plz do buy. Only the head phone speakers are not good.
Best mobile of its kind. Battery consumption during Net surfing seems high
Fully loaded headset within 6.5K budget with 2 years direct Google updates.
value for money. handy and stylish. camera could have been improved to 8MP.
Excellent Item with valuable price.Good services from Amazon..I LIKED IT 
Seems to be a good product. This is the first smart phone I have purchased.
Very good product in this price range and better performance than xaiomi 1s
Excellent product at this price and amazon delivery is very quick and fast.
Excellent product at a very reasonable price. Thanks to Micromax & Amazon.
It is so good and reached in time.But batter backup is a bit disappointing
Excellent service and excellent product provide in cheap price. Thank you.
Package is not bad But mobile is good, I recommend to my friends
am used android 1 this product is very nice and performance good I like it
Bought within 7days after launching. Grt . its really awesome than others.
Very nice phone. Brought it for my mom. Games are running fine. Satisfied.
Bhai sahab meri photo kyo nhi dali h. Kya Maine phone nhi kharida tha
Nice Device.. Worth Prize .... Only need more battery backup ...
Perfect one....simply it's gonna be a smart buy if you gonna take this one
its best phone in this price range. Everybody go for it without any doubt.
Miramax a1 has awesome performance.it is a good phone in a very less cost.
Very Very Nice Smart Mobile Phone in Low Price with All Important Features
The speed of browsing is good. Voice quality is not up to the expectations
Battery drains out quickly. You should offer a power bank with this model.
Stylist Look.. Awesome Battery Back Up.. Overall Awesome.. I just like it.
Phone not much satisfied WiFi not connected some time and pics not deleted
Good Phone within this cost range. Very Good Features I like it very much.
Compire to the value of money it's very good and enough futures also there
Desi nexus the well suited name No comments fast Easy and smooth
I Love The Phone. But I have face two big problem 1. 3G Network 2. Battery
its ok but battery...... :( gud budget fone nice perfrmnce also
happy with this Android one's features . Smooth touch and excellent looks.
It is good handset, experience of this phone is good and affordable price.
Its working great......its nice choice in this range and keeps updated....
Worth buying.. more over its google phone which has guaranteed OS upgrade.
I feel bad there's no M'live...I am asked to update but don't know how....
Very gud smart phone . I refer to buy this smart phone as sone as possible
Good buy! Nothing better in this cost. Good configuration great experience
wow what a mobile, g8t keep it up Google, we need such mobiles in long run
Awesome..phone..worth every single penny...!! Better than wat I expected..
Micromax Canvas A1 is good mobile but its camera and battery is so weak...
good phone in this price range. camera is not that much good as i expected
Awesome Phone... Android experience as smooth as butter... Well Designed..
Amazing experience but it's little bit different from other android phones
a wow smart phone at fantastic price....offers all features of a 12K phone
Best phone...!!!
Hello Dear ones. I buy Android one mobile phone on 21st of October 2014, It delivers to me on time thanks to amazon service.Micromax claims they gives 4 GB of Internal Memory for usage, but when un-box the and switch on the cell it gives "BABA JI KA THULLU" on the name of 4GB Internal Memory. Even when i tried to click a snap via phone's camera it fives me please insert your SD Card message. I thought there may be issue with this Piece. Then I Order another Phone same model on 9th of November 2014. Same Issue again. So Micromax please don't quote wrong specification for to attract customer and Buyers please check and think what you are buying thanks.
Very good Mobil I am using best phone like this good Thanks micromax
Received the item well within the time. They are really good! Keep it Up!
Good product. Amazon delivered the product in just one day. Just Love it.
I got memory card in one phone and not in other, could you please explain
Amazing phone Amazing processing speed Really... Worth of money
i bought this phone this very cool and i like this phone thanks to amazon
Very excellent mobile phone camera quality is good and sound is also good
Very happy with the this mobile great price discount my son likes it lot
I brought canavas a1 its very good and light weighted performance is good
Excellent performance with that price point. Definitely recommend anyone.
Getting heated often, also battery's draining in 1-2 hours completely. :(
Best phone but it will be more good to have galary to send songs easily .
u will not get anything better than this if ur budget is around 6 to 7k..
Battery issue ... It does not last good. Apart from that this is VFM
Thanks to google for making phone for such low cost..amazing experience..
Only one problem with this phone is apps cannot be Send through Bluetooth
Completely Satisfied. Good Camera Quality and fantastic Camera Options :)
all is ok but there is battery problem and apps download only on 3g speed
Good product and having all facilities we which any smartphone can have..
A very good phone in such a reasonable price...... Really a awesome phone
phone is a good and all the features in 20,000 rs.phone are in this phone
Touch is very good, having a good camera, stylish body, outstanding color
Phone is good, but not great. Micromax Unite 2 is better than this phone.
Decent phone.good for people who want to switch to first time smartphone.
Very good phone .Perphormance lajabab.Thanks google, micromax and Amazon.
Very nice product from Micromax in reasonable prince on the web market...
Its a swsum xperience , its hvng no comparesion ....... Best in its class
Amazing Phone. Got more than but I have expected in terms of performance.
All are good, but battery is poor. Charging time is more than using time.
Nice Phone and Got all the things as mentioned in the site. Thanks Amazon
I liked this very much...but battery back up is poor...clarity is good ..
A really nice droid phone... with it's very less price and much features.
awesome mobile in this range.......the camera is good... it use micro sim
delivery was too fast and the phone is good to use...Worth for the price.
Nyc work by google... really happy wid this phone n by amazon service...
When we will get its flip cover?
review after 8 months...no lag...camera is very poor...no other problems
micromax canvas a1 magnetic black available at snapdeal for rs 5299 only
Good mobile phone but heats very fast my and no gallery and file manager
Screen guard is not that great, phone is good n has met my expectations.
Great product.. First timers should buy this Worth the money..
It is not getting android update
Lag free performance in the budget range mobiles, truly value for money
I purchase this mobile again and again and again because this awesome :*
GOOD ANDROID ONE UP TO THE MARK IN 6K PRICE RANGE,NO COMPLAINT SO FAR...
very good phone with android one......................... I like it
In all respect in terms of its cost and its features it is the best one.
cons -battery -2G/3G automatic switchover option not available
very bad it doesn't support mp4 and avi and it will hang more
i loved this cell phone which i got after a long hunt. thank you Amazon.
Great phone in all department Best on its price Just go for it
Its very good for the cost. But the battery performance seems to be poor
Good. Value for money product. some features are cumbersome to poerate.
Phone worked fine for 15 days. then memory card slot stopped functioning
its very good but some time videos are not played ..what is the problem?
Good phone for the price paid. Battery life could have been made better.
Great budget phone with good features. Waiting for android L update.. :)
The best in this price range. Definitely worth for the money spent.
A marvelous smart phone with amazing android one's speed and smoothness.
This mobile phone is good but yr screen gaurd is not paste in properly .
Phone is good ....but i dint get the coupons still as promised by amazon
How can send group SMS.in this phone .Or is it limitation of this phone.
Overall mobile is Good, only the camera design is little unsatisfied me.
Good phone. nice features at decent price. working fine since last week.
It is very good and deligent. But the it requires charging freequently.
Its very gud phone but its back side is looking like China mainly camera
lots of feature in cheap price range ................really its too good
It looks nice, easy to handy and good phone from Micromax with low cost.
Awesome phone....front cam is super clear and no lags ..works perfect !!
consumption of batter is very high. at the time of recharge battery hot.
Worth for the Price Offered. Concern: Camera Quality Average.
Hi, its nice handset by look or peformance but battery exhausted soon...
most of the features are not available when compared with canvas version
awsome product with gr8 features but the battery could have been better.
Nice look. Call registration is late and occasionally does not register.
It's smarter than my expectations! GPRS and message guidance are superb.
I think it is worth its money. Let us see it in the long run ! Mani
I am satisfied with Micromax Canvas A1. It actually is a mini computer.
Very sleek & easy to operate nice buy for a low price, good touch screen
good phone in this price range.u can't expect more in this price range.
Awesome Phone in this price & also upgrade-able to android lollipop 5.0
It is very simple. Lollipop 5.1 update was smooth. Good Value for money
best phone in the budget......nice battery back-up touch also good.....
This is the worse mobile from Micromax, it stop detecting memory card,5
Bought it for my mum. So far so good. No complaints. fingers crossed xx
good mobile. with fast process . compact and weight less . . battery ok
Excellent phone ...but where us the Lollipop update which you promised?
My first smart phone , very sleek and light weight with great processor
Photo editing always shows downloading resources and says no available
The phone is very good but there is one problem that is battery backup.
Very poor battery. Its height of shamelessness seeking for review.
It is a nice phone.I have nothing else to say for such an awesome phone
All is no well, Company say 3G spotted But video calling not available.
Lightning speed and Awsome design. Best product at this price range !!!
Value for money and delivered on time. Good packing. Delivered on time.
Lai Bharri... Sostyat masta... Please trust this Brand... its Worthable
Good using is simple but the Valium is varey low any how good in using.
camera doesn't work properly in low light.. other features are v.good..
Good product. But I didn't get free net from Airtel.. How to get that??
phone is really gud 4 star but battery backup is not impressive but gud
I have not found committed vouchers insidd so pl provide this urgdntly.
Nice product...has all features at such a reasonable price....loving it
Nice product...has all features at such a reasonable price....loving it
worth phone.... camera,battery,touch all is awesome.... fully satisfied
External case and silhouette around the cam and flash needs improvement
great phone at this price range..... and amazon service is awesome.....
Disappointing!!! after all the wait Amazon delivered a defective Phone.
yes it satisfied my need so it helped me buying another set canvas A120
Good one !. Only drawback is battery needs to be of more capacity.
Its very nice, have some advance features, take some time to be use to.
Very good one for this budget. Without second thoughts you can take it.
Superb phone with good budget price and 2 years guaranteed I update ...
Its the best u can get with 6.5 k Its same as 13 k worth moto go.
awesome phone with such a low price. amzing UI i'm just loving it.
Worst service...i had recieved an Dumb phone it comes with lost speakers...sound doesn't come from main speakers but only for headphones....
I bought and received Micromax Canvas A1 on last Saturday. I liked the phone's software and look. But, Micromax really needs to improve its hardware quality. Within a few days of buying this product, with no reason, phone's screen got a thin line. I really shocked, how can a phone's screen gets a problem with just 3 days' use ??? !!!!!!! Then, I contacted micromax service and they told me it will take 12-15 days to replace the phone's screen....... I strongly recommend NOT to buy this product..............
I am shocked this phone is very cheap rate according its feature
Nice but so nice. 1 Gb RAM is not suffient in smart phones these days.
Good pocket friendly and under budget smartphone for first time buyer.
Nice phone... But there is no file manager and no multimedia player...
Nice phone same as per description, using since last 45 days no issue,
very good battery capacityshould be improved then it will be very best
Value for Money......U wont get a phone as good as this at this price.
Very average phone .. stopped working in 3 months ..giving for repair!
Best phone to have in this range. Pure android UI, works quite fast.:)
VERY VERY GOOD PHONE MUST BUY ( BUT SBI CASH BACK STILL NOT RECEIVED )
The hardware is good but then when is the lollipop update coming up???
SD card is required for photograph this feature is improved in future.
A value for money phone with a minor hassle (Battery being bit small).
Excellent product by Micromax n google. Best for new to android phone. Great work.
Plssss somebody help me...I'm unable to update any apps on this mobile
I like the phone. It is a great value for money. A kill for the price.
Very healthy mobile but problem is thatfront camer is better than back
Good phone within 6.5k , although it has some issues with its speaker.
Better if it comes with 2GB ram, never mind to pay some 2k more bucks.
Nice phone......latest specs....good looks.....great performance. ....
Applications hang repeatedly. Specially google dialer & messenger
battery back up is very poor, by evening we have to charge, rest is ok
Only OTG not supports otherwise it is a good phone in this price range
Battery is very very very very poooor. Donth buy this for only reason.
Its really awesome.every feature in this phone making me more exciting
sometimes it hangups and technology is very good and device is heating
It did not meet my expectations, It was beyond my expectations :D
Nice Product with same specifications shown. Fast delivery of product.
Good except the battery & camera , this two gives average performance.
IT HAS EVERY THINGS THAT HAVE OTHER MOBILES COST OVER RS. TEN THOUSEND
Speaker too low. Wifi Signal reception weak. Poor sunlight visibility.
Double tap in apps is not working. And no response from customer care.
good product ...but user guide provided with the product is not enough
AMAZING PHONE MANUFACTURED BY COMPANY AT A SUCH LOWER PRICE REMARKABLE
Nice mobile in minimum price with all APS ..and KitKat latest version.
Very good in most aspects, considering the cost factor, the best buy.
Thank you for the product.i hope your service will be available always
Battery standby is poor,, I didn't got the gift vouchers yet.....
Nice phone with some minor issues, but still a best buy at this price.
A good value-for-money phone. Quite fast. Cons: speaker sound is poor.
Mobile is superb. Only the camera should have additional zoom feature.
Buy the product to get to know the real good features of the mobile :)
Its Amazing......Everything for the price of Rs6499/-. An Awesome deal
Has everything that a very expensive smart phone has.........and more.
Excellent product for the price. Display is good and looks very smart!
value for money
Fully satisfied
Its really good
Months back I have purchased this unit, now I am finding fully charged battery is draining out within 2 hours and excessive heat is generated both front and backside of an instrument. Afraid to use further till consulting with technicians of micromax. Trying to reach out to Amazon & Micromax customer care centre, tried several times to reach out to service center per advise of Amazon guys always line is busy and very difficult to reach to them. Micromax customer service guy's be pro-active do not make your customers to run pillar to post to get warranty replacments of an unit. Expecting an assistance from manufacturer of this unit.
VERY NICE PHONE. WORKS LIKE A CHARM. NO LAG EXPERIENCED AFTER USING IT FOR 2 DAYS. IT IS DEFINITELY BEST BUY AT THIS PRICE RANGE. PROS VERY FAST PHONE WITH SMOOTH EXPERIENCE. DISPLAY IS DECENT. DECENT VIEWING ANGLE . COLOUR REPRODUCTION IS ALSO GUD. 4.5 INCH DISPLAY IS HANDY TO USE. RENDERS WEBPAGE VERY FAST AND ZOOMING IN AND OUT IS AWESOME ,NO LAG AT ALL CONS NOT THE BEST DISPLAY , BUT FINE WHAT WILL U EXPECT AT THIS PRICE RANGE. SOUND IS NOT LOUD AT ALL AND HAS NOT CLARITY LIKE SONY PREMIUM PHONE BUT IT IS DECENT. THIS IS THE BEST PHONE THAT U CAN BUY AY THIS PRICE, SO GO FOR IT
good but how reedem giftcards of rs 2000 as per your description and how to register airtel no. for free softwer upgrade and application.
More problems occured in this mobile like camera is not working properly aswell as videos. We cant see the pics/Images and videos aswell as all musics in SD card are not playing as it tells it couldnt track that song. We couldnt download any apps via Play Store. Main problem is Bluetooth is not working as we couldnt neither send nor receive a file from other mobile.Even through PC we couldnt receive any file. Working for just 10 minutes,cell gets heated. :( :( Totally we are so dissapointed.We didnt expect this to happen. I am so sorry to tell this but I have to.
Nice Phone! ordered and got in three days. display is very nice;crisp and clear.the device is very fast. The most thing i was worried about was the battery backup. thought it wouldnt last for even 4hrs. but it runned for around 6 to 7hrs with gaming. very good battery backup ! so no worries! buyers! and the most important thing which is not mentioned in any review is that is contains gravity sensore and even an accelerometer! it also has hotword detection! So , totally a very nice phone. the reason i gave 4 stars is it supports micro sim card. so need to puch the sim card before using and the screen is also not of good quality!
Nice with some problems like low heating, minor hanging, network etc.
Great android phone in this range. No comparison. Got 5.1 update now.
This mobile is a no-frills instrument & value for money. Go for it!!!
no flaws! go with it if you are new to smartphones & worth the price!
Nice mobile...over all is nice but battery backup is very very poor..
Good phone but google didn't provide lollipop with nexus as promised.
It's been 3 months I think .. No complaints what so ever till date...
I bought another piece in white for my sister. That speaks it all. :)
At this price, one can't expect more. Phone is performing quite well.
Gud in every features...only battery back up s low...worth for money.
My handset is Micromax canvas A1.not as mentioned I'n my relied text.
it has battery issues , drains fast , but overall the phone is great.
need to improve battery capacity and need to improve delivery time...
All features in such a low budget , battery rating should be improved
Cheap and best Android phone... Worth to buy... I like Android one...
Very good phone in that price. Good features and great configuration.
Love this phone.,... But the negative is it doesn't support OTG.
I like this mobile, but i went service center 2 times for service it.
Good new Android One handset from Micromax. Complete value for money.
Its very nice nd trusted one ths android one is t best one fr t price
I have used this phone for 1 week and this is THE Best from micromax.
Defective piece delivered..!! Speakers stopped working after 15 days.
Works smooth with both sims. only constrain is voice receiption.
Its a great phone. It is probably the best phone at this price point.
Ya, good looking, but battery is very weak. Otherwise value for money
Wonderful phone at this price no phone at this feature up to 9998 Rs.
Good touch response and trendy features in this price segment........
Only the operating system is good, camera quality is not as expected.
this is very nice cell phone i like it Thank You Micromax and Google.
My play store only starts download via Bluetooth.. Any recomendation?
Good phone at this price... BT battery back up is worse than expected
Worth buying, using it from Oct 8 no issues faced yet. Good one.
Nice mobile with this price 1star minus for camera 1minus for battery
yeah i satisfied with this product as well as with Amazon dealing ...
All apps are working very fast & smoothly. I liked it very much.
good one with all latest features. Good clarity sound. Video is good.
Phone is good but Micromax should provide cover with the phone.
Set are very good but Battery power are low so battery are discharged
Battery is the only concern with this device. Good product otherwise.
Great overall performance, but the camera is a bit of disappointment.
Excellent mobile Working I need flip & cases cover for protected
Very nice phone. Everything is very good from camera to gaming. Just one drawback the battery if it was 2500 mah then this phone was absolute excellence. Also if you are a serious gamer and spend all time playing games please turnaway . The bild quality is superior,very slim,handy. Camera is awesome but if you are expecting very clear HD pics then I won't suggest it. It's daily use camera. Still the HDR mode gets you clear pics. Good for gaming. No slag or hang or heating as such. All and all it is awesome. Proves Micromax its nothing like anything. Better than karbonn and moto E
The phone works absolutely awesome. I got it yesterday, no lagging no hanging, smooth interface with best available Android version in the whole world!! Battery stays for around 1 & a half day. Camera is smart, you'll need to try it to learn it. The photo sphere mode is just outstanding. The phone feels good in the hand cause of its back cover which makes it easy to hold and operate it with one hand. The phone is gonna get all latest updates so no tension of lying behind when others would be getting the updates. The 5MP cam has lot of capabilities. All in all, just go for this phone!
nice budget phone, but 1700mAH battery providing talk-time of 6 hours is bit hurting...
Booked this phone on 22nd Sept and got delivery on 25th Sept... excellent design... looks like a 15~20K phone... sleek design... Performance: Good as of now... no overheating, decent batter back-up... fast processing... speaker voice is pretty loud and clear... notification slide lacks some features but manageable. Setback: I was feeling proud to promote Indian product by ordering Micromax mobile phone and was disappointed when saw "Made in China" label. would be 100% satisfied if it would have been a "Made in INDIA" product. Rest phone is very good at this price...
The camera was taking too long to work. Flawed product. Returned it.
Worth the price no issues till now. upgraded to Android 5.1 Lollipop
phone is good, little battery back up probelm otherwise nice product
Not the right battery specification for a phone with great features.
Best product on Amazon maybe, in terms of quality, delivery, etc all
Perfect. File manager and Gallery are bigger issue other is perfect.
Guys blindly go for it.. I bet you wont regret... Love android one..
Good software, but hardware and after sale support are Major issues.
Hand set is good but battery is low and sometimes Apps not open fast
I m so happy wid amazon for providing me such a great phone . THANKS
Amazing phone at 4999₹ on republic day offer worth the money 
It's a good smart phone with essential features in effordable price.
Worth for money...good one :-) bt battery back up not statisfied :-(
Great value for money, size is compact so you can use with one hand.
The Mobile is very nice.But the charger Pin is very tight to insert.
Its worth the money. I am using it since last one month. Excellent.
This is a best smart phone available at this price. Worth buying it.
Very good phone at a reasonable rate...only issue is battery backup.
received it at the right time. and it works like a charm. thank you.
Nice. But the battery backup is bad. Hardly lasts. Features are good
I ordered magnetic black but they supplied white phone. phone is ok.
very user friendly.and all good features except battery drains fast.
Awesone at 6k price range....... waiting for Andriod Lollipop update
Very nice phone at this price .sound and image clearity is amazing .
Very very smart nice mobile.. ...in micro Max.. ...Android one. ....
Best phone to buy in under 10-12k range. Thanks micromax. Great one.
its a nice phone.. having google's support adds more beauty....
Nice smart phone in this price band. The only issue is poor battery.
superb one i enjoyed using a1 thanks to micro max..............
Best phone in this price. I bought two of these. Highly recommended!
Phone is good but not get flip cover in the market please suggest me
Battary backup is not so well, but mobile overall best at this range
Everything is great about this phone except its BELOW AVERAGE CAMERA
Wow! Amazing product in such a price. Hats off to Google an Micormax
Best mobile handset I HV used so far..one must try...its cheap too..
I Have good experience in 6499₹,v gd updates, pic quality also good.
Only problem is with battery back up which is less for smart phone .
I didn't get my gift card worth of 2000 Its bettery is not good
Wonderful experience. Non-availability of flap-cover is an irritant.
Awesome phone... Worth every penny.. Good move by google n micromax
It's Perfect, but some time play with app than i can't receive call.
i am facing problems with this phone. i was excited about the phone as it was on Stock Os. but i was wrong 1. i was unable to install any apps using Play Store. it always Shows error 489. this happened in wifi network as well as mobile GPRS network. only app that i was able to download was UC browser mini of 0.98 mb, which was due to my next problem 2. there is problem with Chrome browser. i could not write or fill up any form. could not write any thing in the status box of facebook. 3. battery back up is not satisfactory. it hardly last a day on 2G network 4. there is heating problem
awesome , a smartphone that really works fine . Great performance .
why still updates to lollipop is not on otp as the product promised
Good phone, just few low features in camera Overall good phone
Good product for this price and Pure android experience is awesome.
Good phone at a great price. Cant get better than this @ this price
Value for money product...best one for entry level Android users...
The camera quality is not that good, otherwise it works perfectly..
Product is great as it consist of all feature in an affordable cost
Excellent mobile.all the features in this mobile working very good.
Fantastic phone i like it so much and also great service of amazon.
Canvas A1 is very good mobile phone and its touch is awesome..,....
Its really good! I like this mobile very much! Best android mobile!
Micromax brand - trustworthy products. Best product for this cost.
Stable performance with decent Battery Life. Best in 1GB RAM slot..
Working well as per Specification. Good phone at the price offered.
Really a nice phone in such a Low price.Amazing... thanx amazon.com
>Good phone >Worth buying it >An Indian Nexus >got L update
Really good one, and this phone will get android l lollypop update,
A very good mobile, bought two for my friends. One can go for this.
USB not conected. how to do the same ? please reply us immediately.
Best phone.using from 15 days and no problem. Heads up google & mmx
Super phone,everybody like this,super feature,I like this very much
Recently i have bought this phone.. Good phone at affordable price.
Nice phone. But I am unable to download application from play store
Awesome phone for the given prize.. Waiting to update to Android L.
It is a nice user friendly smart phone at a quite reasonable price.
Awesome phone Low budget powerful phone Similar to moto g
excellent touch pad. feeling good and proud by buying this product.
nice mobile for its cost.satisfied after using for the past 20 days
Very poor signal reception quality compared to my old samsung grand
this phone is awesome.very nice phone.this phone is beat the MOTO.G
BATTERY BACK UP IS VERY POOR & ALSO UNABLE TO PLAY DOWNLOADED MOVIE
Mobile is good but battery backup is poor co. Have to be improve it
Only can be used by above 30 age group. Because they are a bit slow
Gr8 user-interface.. N unlike Micromax aesthetically very pleasing.
Goog budget phone in range. Only problem is battery backup is less.
The product is good looking and fits the budget. Overall a good buy
Phone arrived on time. In good condition. Phone is worth the money.
O K . Battery back is little lower . Worth purchase in this price .
All good but need more improvment in build quality n audio quality.
This a very good phone by this price It support all the application
Battery is discharge automatically when phone is stand up position.
NICE FUTURE, LIGHT WIGHT,GOOD LOOKING,GOOD PERFORMANCES CHIP & BEST
Hi it is great phone in low budget with fully loaded what i needed.
sofware problem. not able to download / updates application/ games.
I am using this for the past 2 weeks and its real worth the money..
Value for money. This is my 2nd micromax. I enjoy owning a micromax
It's great phone compared with other phones at this price point. It's equal to Nexus 4 in software and next to Nexus 4 at Benchmark scores. And keep it in mind that it's not having File manager, Gallery and Video player app built-in. So it's hard to use in using this device. And the BIG plus point is it's having 10 Multi-touch points and its having Android L update it is Guaranteed. Which had no lag even playing while GTA3 a huge game with playing music player at the same time. And don't go mad in searching best phone, this is it the best you are searching for around a price point under 8,000.
Best phone in this range. Even we can compare it to Samsung s2. I think this phone is better than samsung Rs.20000 phone.
signal problem
Best Phone I Have Ever Buy. Really appreciate it to MMx and Google
good product and awsome delivery time.no lags and fast processing.
Using phone since last one month.. no issues yet .. good quality..
Good.but battery backup is very less.otherwise all things are best
The phone was nice... Can go for it.... Dont expect much for 6k...
Value for money. its a great piece of hardware with stock Android.
Good phone very nice and resenale price good ph thank you micromax
solid phone ! solid delivery! waiting for the lollipop to come up!
great phone ...and great quality ...great thing at such a low cost
mobile is very nice likes as moto g and i like amzon service
It's very gud one in android. But battery capacity to be improved.
Overall good.. but battery last only 4-5 hours in continuous use..
Good product at cheap price.thanks to amazon for timely delivery .
Very Good Product From Micromax, Its Really Changing The World....
Good phone within your budget. On time deliveries by Amazon..
Good worthy for what we paid , Battery backup not greet but fine ,
Excellent place to start with Android world.! Worthy device.!
Does justice for the price. It's a great phone. Everything is fine
best features in this phone is camera,picture quality,touch sensor
Its battery is draining very fast just after one month of purchase
I bought this mobile for internet access and it serves my purpose.
The mobile was in fantastic condition and the piece was very good.
Very poor battery...network problem....net connection is very poor
This phone is really good in this price and good deal in Amazon...
Everything is well in this phone. Bt camra create a problem .
nice phone, nice look and nice to use it :) Bought 3 phone :)
slim and clarity really impressed but network searching very slow
The mobile is excellent except but Quality of the camera is poor.
Perfect Android Mobile with Perfect Specification in Perfect Price
every things are good but audio sound is very less trough earphone
Excellent stuff and superb services from Amazon..Value for Money..
the battery drains quickly other than that everything else is good
all its features are very good... bt the battery is not that good.
very handy, easy to operate and meets a normal man's requiremants.
Its Ok, however, if we use this long time, mobile will get heated.
this is amazing phone + packing by amazon..gud work amazon !!
Superb phone in this range And also micromax is always in top
It is a very good value for money item. Best Android experience.
It's very handy! User friendly with Good - Look's and Sturdy Too!!
good working and delivery of the product really fast than expected
excellent mobile at this cost. only ear phone quality is not good.
Great Mobile @ Great Value. Packed with lot of features. Good Buy.
My folks are happy with the 2 smart phones of micromaxx androidA1.
battery backup is very poor. within 3-4 hours getting discharged..
Why it is showing error when downloading anything from play store.
thank to flipkart's sale procedure for not letting me buy redmi 1s which is only usefull for upcoming winter season. i am getting micromax phone with price of 5850 rs. i dont't think i'll get any batter phone in this price.but one thing i must say if you are buying this phone with 6500 price then you should also think about moto e once.which has much batter configuration like gorilla glass,720 resolution,up gradable,and much batter battery life.
Well writing further to my headline. I have very few and crude replies... 1. It is an Indian brand. I would prefer to go for Indian brands as much as possible to support our economy rather than supporting China, who is invading into borders and our economy also.. 2. It is with Latest Technology i.e. Android One and with google supports.... what d hell Redmi will do now... 3. Pricing of the product is very good & Launch offers is very lucrative.. 4. Micromax is the leading brand in India... wish it grows in other markets also.. 5. Specs given in the phone are Able Enough to give a Normal user - Very Good Browsing & Gaming experience...apart from phone calls & watsapp.. So, I bought this phone keeping above points in mind... Hope other fellows will do it too... Lets wait for the performance of the phone... if not good then we have good returning policies in Amazon
It is good and easy to use with under budget and value for money.
the service is good and amazon.in service and feedback was great.
looks good, configuration and working is also fine in this price.
Its OK kind of a phone.don't expect much as this is budget phone.
The android one series is any day better than moto e & redmi 1s !
Micromax given good phone as per Google spec Value for money
Excellent phone. Its working smoothly without any hanging problem
everything is good but airtel net was not given to me it is froad
everything is very good but camera flash is not working properly.
Battery back up is very poor when compared to other smart phones.
Nice but I can't get gift voucher I am very disappointed for this
Great phone for the price. Delivered on time with great packing.
Most of thing looks ok.. But video recording is not at all good..
after one month its not working. aneeshtalex@gmail.com
Excellent Phone under 7000/- from Google manufactured by Micromax
the phone is tremendous but phone bettry is not continue one day.
Good phone with lowest price, slim, handy and smooth touch mobile
every thing is good but while talking in phone the volume is low.
Flash light is not working and video calling also is not working.
Its an excellent smartphone for beginners at an affordable price.
Other than internal memory it is wonderful product at this price.
Ear Speaker is not working after 7 days, So I returned my mobile.
battery backup is very limited - willbe improving , well and good
Value for money best Android One phone. No regrets and complains.
Battery backup is not good else the phone is great and very fast.
this mobile ring tone (other songs) to be set there. kindly help
A better camera quality would HV made it a five star rated phone.
Nice phone in this range. Android one is very good and fast.
Fantastic phone in this prize range. Also quick service by Amazon
The phone is very good. The applications are very user-friendly.
worth mobile guys if ur budget is 5 to 6 thousand go for it
Before 30 days set became hang and on/off switch also not working
all is ok except battery no gallery and file manager inbuilt u can not do video call by sim' its possible only through any apps.
Battery is little poor. There is no option for sim On & Off.
It is nice and good phone in this price. Camera is also very good
Good experience , but very delay in Deleivery . It is a big issue
Its truly Superb Phone in this prize, Amazone service also great.
Good mobile.2 problems, there is no file manager and video player
Too much Bluetooth problem.. Anybody suggest how to avoid this..?
Bought this phone for my relative and I think its value for money
loopmobile is not detected by Micromax Canvas A1 with Android One
its a fantastic phone made for india its really android no 1
Its a amazing deal. Just grab it without giving a second thought.
Wow...its look like a nexus 5 all features are the same nexus....
Superb phone in 6.5K. Feel like I am handling nexus...
I am happy with this phone.Considering cost,thi is the best phone
A problem with my front camera..can anyone tell how to rectify it
Best mobile in this price..awesome features.. Fantastic phone..A1
better than expected one....................thankssssssssssssssss
What a Phone...I just said to you that..phone"s operating system feels me like NEXUS 5. You can open 15 + apps at one time without closing any other app even RAM is 1 GB. Camera is Good, Battery is also good you can use your phone for 1 day with HEAVY USAGE, because I have on my phone on 3G for 24 hrs..still battery is left at the end of the day. It's Display is also good.While Redmi 1S heats up like bomb & I can open only 4 Apps (Approx) at one time, after too much heating its camrea app closes automatically...So as per my experience Micromax Canvas A1 is clear winner.
this is good for use even it is cheap and provide all fcilities.
Yes, good product. Came on time I am HAPPY with AMAZON
Very nice cell phone , as my point of you it,s a chief and Best.
Great product. Great performance. Definitely a bang for my buck!
To rum WiFi I have restart the phone that's the main drawback .
Fast, efficient & also cheap. Features more worthy than its cost
Awesome handset Price point of view Really mindblowing
till now micromax canvas a1 does not get update of lolipop......
very good mobile package with great features at reasonable price
Awesome product as per the specifications provided by the amazon
i need one more phone ..plz sir or madam i wanted best deal 6000
The service of Amazon is good....nd the phne is also good in use
Battery drains very fast ... Remaining features are very good...
It is best to have Stock Android experience at this price point.
Very good mobile for this cost. slimmer than It seems in photos.
Hi As good as product and reached exactly Thanks
battery problem, only 2-3 hrs if u use fully with internet/games
Awesome phone. Wic got everything in it. At this cost. Superb...
Splendid phone Loved it Received it in 3 business days
fantastic phone, best phone for that price.....thank you Amazon
at this cost features are high but quality is very low in camera
A very good entry level smartphone with reasonably good features
this is such a great phone, i m totally satisfy from this phone.
Beginners ke liye bahut hi achchha hai, quality bhi achchhi hai.
Best at its price.....ek bar v hang nahi hua abtak ek machine me
Awesome ,smart,casual fon with pre downloaded apps,solo cooollll
This is the best mobile and company canvas a1, is best on kitkat
Excellent phone with extraordinary features at affordable price.
Being an amateur user, till nothing found wrong. Running smooth.
There is only Heat & Battery problem....otherwise awesome phone.
Nice but sensitive...handle with care..battery discharged fastly
Phone is good. Only drawback is battery life which is very short
good bt there should be a protectin glass on the phone screen...
Got a fresh piece. its really a cool one and working prity good.
fast ,good looking phone do not just see company see its product
In one word "gagar mai sagar". Nice product by Micromax.
Quite good for the price and pretty impressive..no lags at all..
Its working for my purpose.so I bought another one for my uncle.
Value for money device .....! A low budget satisfactory fone.!!!
Excellent phone for the price...nice sharp screen, feels premium
Mobile OK. But I did not get any free vouchers for the purchase.
Nice mobile. fulfill for smart phone requirement in lower price.
good experience with amazon Canvas a1 is good mobile for me
NO 5 star becoz its does'nt boost the internet speed as require.
Nyc phn with grt specification within 6k... I m lovin it!!!
With in budget mobile, with cool features and nice optimization.
Camera quality leaves a lot to be desired as also the navigation
Everything ok. Expect speaker. Worst quality output from speaker
Amazing mobile in unbelievable price...-recommend ed product..
Awesome Phone for the Price we Pay. Very well in handling games.
great excellent & awesome Phone .......... Androiod One rocks :)
i am purchased this mobile on 27 sep-2014, this mobile getting heated very badly.Due to this Not able to make voice call. Very poor Battery Backup. Beware Amazone refunded the full amount. Hats off customer service...
Awesome mobile got before the navarathiri first day.Surprisingly got a complement of 8GB memory card and The product was decently sealed in good condition.The sound Quality in music so good. Nearly a week Waited for the product to be delivered.The Android latest software is too awesome. YouTube quality is good. The dual micro Sim slot are designed very accurate.The fm quality is so clear with a recording facility. Could have included HD featurs Oveall the proudcut is good for this rate. The phone has solid base which attracts if the case and side covers.
Received this phone before 2hrs. After opening first look of this phone was impressive. This looks good. Camera portion may have better design but overall it looks good. As the processor is 1.3 GHZ quad core so you need not to think about processing speed. enough space (my opinion) for installing apps. I do not like to play in phone so can;t say about games. no file explorer. You have to download it from play store .Si it is not a problem at all. Camera quality is good. battery backup is satisfying . You can go for it. overall good phone in this price.
I got this mobile a week ago and couple of days it worked superly later it started to hang and when i tried to make a video call, i am not able to get the option for video calling. I went to Micro Max Service Centre at Bangalore, it was my worst experience. In service centre they took nearly 4 hours to check what is the problem in mobile and later they told the software to make video calling was not installed in that mobile. They asked me for 1days of time to get the software install. But it already over 4 days, still they didnot returned the moble.
INTERNAL SPACE IS TOO LOW AFTER UPGRADED TO 5.1 LOLIPOP VERSION
The phone I am using has android lollipop and it's awesome.. .
Really Good one... I gifted it to my mom and she is very happy.
Must buy..Micromax I love your products .. Best phone ever
It is value for money. The features given in mobile are unique.
My cousin loves the phone and has taken to Android really well!
product is very good except battery power. it drains very fast.
Excellent Product... Thanks to Amazon.. Very good experience...
Nice Phone with good price, but haven't received any update yet
Best phone for ever in low cost budget mobile... Handy and cool
Awesome..Product ...Also Amazon gives a 8 GB SD card with it...
Best phone under this price range.. Camera quality is too good.
Not understood how to use front camera for snapping selfie pic.
Best android phone in this budget. Works well. Value for money.
Worth the money spend, just waiting to Gert my lollipop update.
Very Good handset in this price range. I suggest you to try it.
Good one. Fits my requirements and value for the money I spent.
performance is very super. hi speed. good clarity. Cheap & Best
I found the battery discharging too quick even if usage is low.
battery goes out very soon than expected..rest all very good...
Camera with zoom facility would have added one more star to it.
Its a good mobile in this range. I have satisfy in this mobile.
All features are good. I liked but battery performance is poor.
Phone is nice...camera quality is gud...features r fantastic...
Best phone in the range of 6k-7k.I m satisfied with this phone.
Superb phone. Bought it as a gift. Works precisely as expected.
Something still require in this model such as file manager etc.
A good smart phone of appropriate size with excellent features!
its a good android phone below 6000 in india...i love micromax..l purchased about seven phone from Amazon. .there is no any complaint...also I got 8gb strontium class 4 memory card with phone due to offer.
Good product. Only one drawback is phone mic voice is very low.
very good touch pad.. Overall compare to price,its very good...
Mast.. Much basic feature ko kami feel hot I hai otherwise mast
Guys d product z genuine and up to the mark. One must go for it
It is Very Good...For the Price I paid...And overall Very NICE.
Really smart phone in this range. One pro blem battery backup .
GOOD IN LOOK AND OTHER FEATURE BUT BATTERY IS NOT LONG LASTING
nice mobile realy i loved it apps or good phone is fast running
Phone has Bosch sensors which are too good. I am happy with it.The graphics is not that great. But its Antutu score is 18347 which is better than Xiaomi Redmi 1s (score 15000+).
Good smartphone, with minimum budget, great value 4r your money
Good Product at the price point. Gifted it and was appreciated.
I'm not getting airtel free 3g and free charge for 200 recharge
V v I p phone
Amazing phone
just amazing.
My wife bought this phone as a replacement for another Android phone that she had. This phone offers the best value for money in the market today. The phone runs stock Android 4.4.4 - the latest as of this writing - with promised upgrades for 2 years from Google. This means the device will run the latest and greatest version of Android which most phone other than the expensive Nexus series can offer today. The Hardware has been standardized by Google. The Mediatek 1.3 GHz Quad core CPU is very efficient and the phone is silky smooth to operate. The touch is excellent as as good as a Nexus device - this micromax phone has the touch IC from Synaptics which is great! Nothing about this phone looks or feels cheap - the device is sturdy, looks awesome and grips in the hand quite well. There are very few nitpicks. The display is not as vibrant as some of its slightly more expensive counterparts and the color profile is a little cold (skewed towards blue) which makes images look a little desaturated in color. The camera quality is pretty average indoors and could obviously be much better. But then I am rating this 5 stars - for the price this is simply irresistible value for money. Stock Android means it's going to run super fast and it's going to receive OS updates as soon as they are going to be available. In the end, no qualms from my side.
I Just bought it and have been using for two days.. Here is my experience: Look - Looks premium... fits perfectly in hand... curved edges makes it easy to operate; back side finish makes it convenient to hold and not slipping through; Screen Clarity - Clear and perfect; Touch - Very smooth; no lag; Camera - Not so great.. but can't look for more than this; Battery - 1750mamph seems to be low.. but still comes for one full day with average use (calls a bit of browsing; have mapped my office mail and its on through out the day); Browsing - Thanks to 1.3 Ghz quad core processor; the speed is really good... Sound clarity - during call, some times the clarity is low... not sure if this phone to be blamed for it... The phone comes with a scratch guard and 8GB memory card..!!:-) Could have given a flip case or at least a simple back cover.. Finally, what is more attractive with this phone is the software upgrade guarantee...Yahoo.. don't have to run behind the manufacturers... Overall, go for it.. its worth the money...
Wonderful phone by a company incorporated by Google's help!!!!
Superb smartphone at this price point with lollipop pop update
Excellent features but with a small defect-low battery back up
Wounder full mobile on budget price..no hang ...worth of money
It has arrived on time. The product is excellent for a budget.
Nice phone for this price range...but battery is below average
Nice Smartphone Excellent India Post Courier Service also Good
Best phone in 6000 range good looking all is good .....jhkaass
✔Using it as a side device and am happy with it's performance.
its worth of money in every aspect....Go for it...looks great.
No problem is faced yet with phone. Working good as expected.
It's good phone. Haven't hang yet. Everything is running fine.
Looking good yet but there is no gallery in it its a misstake
It's a true value for money...works great and without any lag.
Quick delivery. Performance is good but Battery last for a day
Yha! it has advantage of google but can't beat xiaomi redmi 1s
An awesome mobile it s features are best.and it s in just 6500
very good and incorporating features that meet my expectation
It is the awesome phone for this rate... Camera really good...
Good and awesome phone at price... waiting for lollipop update
File manager is not look in it internal files not looking in .
Very bad set. Touch screen is disturbing just after two moths.
Not Up to the mark as service is very frequently interrupted !
Nic mobile phone great price in great compatible model package
value for money product...smooth performance...fast updates...
Everything is fine except camera ....still happy with this....
Photo gallery takes time to load...except that handset is good
good phone but camera is average and battry is not up to mark.
Awesome smartphone worth every penny. Well done micromax.
Ok working fine. Battery may be still last for some more time.
Excellent phone by performance but battery backup is not good.
Touch is not good..... And started hanging after 15 day use.,.
It is beyond my expectations... Its asweam in the price range.
Good Android product. Nice build quality. Value for money
sound is not good. sound of receiving calls is quite hearable.
I think best in this range .....this phone is made up by google which is a great player in technology so go fo it
The mobile was delivered to me on friday at 16:15. And I turned on the device at 17:00. And I did not install any app, I didn't even inserted micro sdhc card. I did not even connected it to internet nor did I downloaded or shared any file. On saturday night I charged it upto 86%.And on sunday morning when I wake up,I find the device turned off and after that it never turned on even after my 50 trials to switch it on by pressing the power button. When I subject it to charging,the charging symbol appears and I still cannot turn it on.
Very glad to get it. Only one drawback, battery is very weak.
Got it in 4.9k. Great product according to this price range..
The battery is not upto the mark. It discharges quick quickly
Everything is great except for the below average battery life
Phone is good and best in its range. Internal memory is less.
This is my recommended low cost phone to everyone these days.
Great. Camera could be better but still great value for money
Good phone to use...battery not that sufficient on 2g network
Worth of a product to buy. Nice functionality, nice features.
best mobile in this range.... don't think just buy it...
It having all functionality with low price......its good.....
OVERALL GREAT PERFORMANCE BUT MINUS 1 STAR FOR POOR BATTETRY.
I didn't find my copied text in this phn .can anyone helps me
The net surfing is slow, night camera pictures are not clear.
It's an amazing phone in this price...totally value for money
Awesome This Is second time buy from me Love It....
The Phone is great and the Android ONE experience is awesome!
Phone gets heat faster and battery charge gets over very fast
Using it for almost a month ... Worth to buy for this price!!
Got Problem within a month. Mobile is unable to read SD card.
I AM NOT RICIVING MY MOBIL AFTER A MONTH AND I DON'T WANT IT
Amazing phone but the battery leaves a lot to be desired for.
The phone is very good. it is very fast and i am enjoying it.
Two months now using it. No issues. Exceeded my expectations.
Great mobile...would be better if it comes with gorilla glass
A great phone very much better than other android one phones.
Great phone with all essential features at rock bottom price.
it's superb, highend mobile at low cost , works well, love it
With Anroid One it is fast. The battery life is it's weakness
Except battery everything is safe. It losts only 5 to 6 hours
Worst battery. Have to charge phone in almost every 4hrs
Battery is pathetic. Otherwise phone is best in its category.
A very good phone with smooth functioning in this price range
good value for money. and more over it gets regular updates..
Nise mobile good camera quality, kitkat version is very nice.
Its good. But, flash and camera would have been still better.
its great phone and touch is very smooth. i really like this.
Good one... but one small thing cal automatic disconnected...
Very prompt service and a great buy for the price band of 7 k
worth buying in this range for features which we use mostly !
Excellent product. But battery back up bit on the lower side.
Battery charge decreased very fast ! Other features are good.
Phone is good at a very nice price. Delivery Could be quicker
Its good n somewhat heating is observe d it satisfies d price
Awesome phone with amazing features & super quick delivery :)
in simple words......this is a great cellphone...i love it...
Best Phone at this price tag.... Quick delivery by amazon.... Phone is really fast and touch is responsive, battery backup is also good... Those who are looking for Gallery, File Manager, Video Player .... can install third party apps like quick pic, solid Explorer, MX Player from play store.... But it does not support OTG, cannot add battery percentage at the status bar, buttons are on screen itself... Overall the phone is superb... and will get latest android updates....
This is serve-the-simple-purpose phone. And It does it well.
didn't receive referral gift card on purchasing this product
Excellent phone with average Battery life with 3G/WiFi... 4*
SD card which was with the phone is corrupted ...not working
very good phone in this range same features like moto g but after 2 month use the power key stopped working amazon always deliver second quality product do not purchase any thing through offer(40% or 50%)they will deliver the company second quality product
nice packing, schedule delivery superb quality android phone
The phone is excellent I am using this mobile from one month
Delivery in time and product is good. Amazon always amazing.
Very nice mobile good ..eorkima moto thes mobile same 2 same
Its good mobile but it gets heated up if you play more games
Only look is not ...but over all speacificaton is good......
This isan incredible product of Micromax. I love using this.
Gr8 mobile at this price with latest software specifications
Awesome phone however the one day delivery thing was delayed
if there was free back cover than this must have been better
Good Anoriod mobile only have to recharge the battery daily.
It has good specifications at cheaper price Totally 4/5
Really awesome phone, more than its value, excellent working
Nice phone but battery backup is very poor your expectation
BATTERY PERFORMANCE IS POOR AND USB CONNECTIVITY IS NOT GOOD
Good experience.......Will again choose Amazon next time....
great experience with effortless drive on micromax canvas A1
Charger faulty. Received on 17th Oct.,14 charger was faulty.
Parfomance was very good....BT battery backup was not so gd.
Nice smartphone with stock android and average battery life.
I dont know how but battery is draining fast also in standby
Should have included Gorilla Glass and higher battery backup
Andy 1 was amazing.....enjoying it......awaiting Android L..
Hello friends I'm surprised Battery backup amazing
Found the hand set satisfactory & would recommend it anyday.
The Phone went Black after an hour, I opened it. Unexpected.
charger not working , gift coupon & gift card not received .
BUdget stuff, well packaged, no non sense decent performance
Good response with the delivery and the product is also fine
Okay, i had to order this phone twice because the first phone that i received has some issues,but thanks to amazon for their prompt return policy, i could get it done easily so first of all kudos to the amazon team. coming to the phone: thus phone gives you all such features that any phone in this segment doesn't, infact all the features provided are mostly found in high end phones, so as far as the handling of the phone is concerned its pretty decent not very complicated the rubber back gives it much of a grip, display is quite nice camera quality is good even though many expressed their battery woes i thought the stock battery is pretty good as i used the phone continuosly for more than 6 hrs without draining out the battery so to finish it off, at this rate, quite an amazing product for people who want to feel a android. kudos Micromax and kudos amazon
Great phone everything is gud and worth money latest update
If we put the sim in it it catches some other phone network
Great buy. Nice fully seal packed product. Fully satisfied.
We cant expect more from this range of handset Gud one
Too Gud ... A Very Gud phone for a very reasonable price...
Very nice and easy to operate. Meeting all my requirements.
Mobile will be awesome but battery drains out very quickly.
Superb phone worth the money no lag at all and good battery
Excellent good light in weight smart in look awesome in use
Heating issues, Battery drains quickly, camera is pathetic.
it is good device with 6500 rupees lowest price. i like it.
mother boar required to be change with a month of purchase.
Its heating too much. Still heats when I kept in the pocket
in this mobile inbuilt Gallery & file browser not available
Good mobile with google one updates. Amazon service is good
ok the phone is nice but it should be given with flip cover
Micro sim, made me no option for interchange of sim cards.
Nice phone, works smoothly, best phone in this price range.
Good product .But it must give a file exploral and gallery.
Awesome value for money phone with stock android experience
Its v gud peace, but not getting back cover outside stores
in this price the Micromax Canvas A1is amazing.............
Awesome phone at affordable price ...satisfied WD the phone
Amazinig and Worthy smart phone in < 10k price category
It is above my expectaion.......thanks Micromax!!!!!!!!!!!!
Features are great but, Phone's body finishing not so good.
nice mobile............. quick delivery by d seller........
Good phone at a affordable price.. Gud functionalities
display quality is not good,and performance of phone is avg
Good but sound clearity is not good and bettry backup also.
A good one.Operations guidance required more to use easily.
Wonderful phone but only problem is that battery back up ..
good as a product , compairing with others can find better.
Very good phone..suggested other to go for it...very nice..
Except the battery life everything is cool with this phone.
Its ok average look . Battery performance too low but ok :)
Tough and hassle free phone with interesting features...!!!
Battery performance is poor. Many options are missing.
Amazing product in very comfortable & good price on Amazon.
there is no gallery function available in this phone so we customer cant see any type of photograph in mobile. ther is no file manager available in this phone so cant copy, cut, move, paste, delete nay item if this is work so we don't use properly like any other mobile. camer performance is also average performance that we have expected from google. and some feature of kitkat 4.4.4 is also not work properly in this phone like camera flash lite, notification bar and screen resolution etc......
Really an outstanding phone if we consider its price. It can run all the basic apps, games and videos upto 1080p. In heavy games, I have tried Asphalt 8 yet and i'm really amazed that it can run this game smoothly. My sister gonna love it. :-) Thanks to Android One program! I highly Recommend this phone. Don't buy piece of crap. Stock android is the best! Currently I'm using Moto G and Nexus 5, and none of them have ever faced any lag (only becuz of Pura Android Vanilla Experience). :-)
desi nexus!!
small defects battery backup is low...but over all good...
such a nyc phone within the budget// u may like this.
This mobile is Awesome but the back camera is not so good.
one and only overall best quality in micromax mobile phone
Everything is super in canvas a1 mobile but battery is bad
Nice phone every thing is working fine except the battery.
Good phone in this price range, recommended to my friends.
Excellent budget smart phone in that range with KitKat OS.
Nice phone with good specifications. Battery life is nice.
It works very good. One fault is bettery life is too short
Battery backup very low it is very. Inconveniens in jorney
Good feature & gud result in after Use in this mobile.....
Cheap & Best Indian cell phone ! Best in the segment.
Using from last 3 months no problems occurred and is fine.
Nice value-for-money phone. Camera & display are ordinary.
hyperlinks do not appear when I get messages on whatsapp -
Amazing phone in this range of phones with one GB ram.....
ONE OF THE BEST SPECKED ANDROID DEVICE FOR UNBETABLE PRICE
Superb. I love it. Want to buy one more but budget problem
Laptop & PC not connected. Bluetooth & Wi-Fi poor working.
Phone is good but there is no some applications 
Best piece from micromax. Must buy this phone within 6-7k.
over all phone is good, but battery needs to improve more,
Good phone at this price But can't view SD card on PC
Amazing phone @ Rs. 6449. I stongly recommend to buy this.
EXCELLENT PHONE........THE ONLY DRAWBACK IS THE BATTERY...
My phones internal speaker stopped working within 2 weeks.
Overall Awesome phone but camera and battery can be better
Battery need a charging twice a day. Others are OK wonder.
M using this phone, it's awesome. Gives more than it takes
This product is good and Thanks to Amazon Currier Service.
nice mobile in nice price.good service by amazon.thank you
Speeker is not good, we are very unsatisfied with speaker.
Performance is good but you tube is not getting in Offline
Sound clarity is very low and camera clarity is very worst
Latest Mobile @ Low Price with Excellent service by amazon
I hv not yet informed about my gift coupins worth rs 2000.
Indian Phone with features loaded at a affordable pricing.
Nice phone and economical pricing and timely delivery.....
GRAET BUT SOMETIMES FACING CONNECTIVITY ISSUE JUST RESTART
Good phone at this budget. No lag in apps and no heating .
A good product. For the price it offers very food features
budgeted mobile & good quality and really fast this mobile
I Like It ,,,But My sell is faulty for 3g and wifi .......
Very nice phone But In call volume is less Sometimes it is hard to hear when in noisy background…
just received my micromax canvas A1 (with android one )...thank you amazon for the delivery. i am quite satisfied wd the features at the cost of 6499 only...sleek,smooth,fast and easy to use interface with "OK GOOGLE" !!! but i didn't received any discount coupon as said by your website...otherwise its a gud phone ... a 8 gb memory card and screen protector found inside the box including handset,charger(wd data cable),battery,earphone,user manual and warranty card...
First impression is good. The feel, the screen, camera and overalll look. And the Andrew One os is superb. but on 14th day of buying the power button was not working. Next day the volume buttons stopped working. Then after switching off the phone it was not rebooting. Some internal error messages. micromax not made it perfect. Thanks to the amazon guarantee. Amazon.in service was prompt. Just after receiving the item back they made refund of full amount.
Battery is not good. Drains heavily if used continuously.
Its good phone in that range. Worth for the money I paid.
best phoine in its range i bought this at 5499
It is very very good product of micromax at this Price it
Phone is very good. Did not get lolopop upgrade till now.
So far, it has exceeded my expectations, without a doubt.
Loved the product, working just fine. value for the money
Awesome, its really worth....only drawback is heating....
GOOD PHONE, VALUE FOR MONEY. BEST PHONE IN THIS CATEGORY.
Excellent value for money and nice purchasing experience.
Bought in Dec '14. No problem till date. Worth for money.
Awesome Phone With Decent Specs And Smooth Running System
Excellent product. Smooth, without any lag, just love it!
I bought it for my younger brother, he liked it a lot...!
Does not recieves apk files internal memory not available
Liked it.... Got it at time and it's worth the price.....
Awesome product with fast processor at a reasonable price
speaker quality is poor and Battery backup very very poor
its an amazing piece for this price range value for money
Its really good mobi.bt bettry get down in very less time
It is good phone but some time it hang for few minutes...
the mobile stopped working within a week.had to return it
It actually did not met my expectations on software side.
Nice product.....but this Blue Dart courier is pathetic..
This phone is awesome and only draw back is charging only
Excellent phone from android one community thank u Google
Its a good phone but its sudden heating creates a problem
yes we I have started using it . its as per expectations.
Aweosme mobile. .....and par excellence service of amazon
Nice experience but u should deliver products within time
Amazing phone with great price. Its a Nexus for everyone.
thank you goooogle that you made the one for the ones...
Good and a value product for the price paid. Well packed.
It's working good.....but it's getting heat short time...
Nice look & light weight and cheap & best phone this time
Nice phone and i thank amazon for their amazing delivery.
Its is suitable for me.....! satisfied to me..
Its a very good mobile but the battery is not so powerful
Camera not good 5 mp like 1 mp camera Waste of money
A good product... If you want a mobile under 7k go for it
worthful phone in this price range. I am glad to have it.
As par promise timely delivered superb packing n products
Its have display problem within one month thats not good
very good experience. pl inform for good product on mail.
Better phone in this range...bt battery quality is OK....
Good deal @ 6500 But camera quality is not too good.
Cheap and best phone compare to other costly smart phones
Nice Product in very Cheap Rate, Good Deal, Thanks amazon
Awsm phn moreover awsem delivery by amazon.. Thumbs up..
i just use this item from yesterday...its amazing one....
Good for the people who are new to the Android ecosystem.
Nice mobile nice pricing a good deal worth the money paid
only problem is the battery life....could have better....
Its nice at this price and good thing - it is AndroidOne.
good phone overall but poor camera and battery life
I would say its worth to buy android A1 canvas then going for samsung, htc etc. The price is reasonable and it gives you everything you are looking for in a smartphone. The battery is also good and its lasting almost 2days without playing games, i might say i dint install lot of apps so far but my wifi and 3g was on most of the time. Overall I am happy with android one series & specially micromax because of look and its light compared with Spice One.
Not working properly please replace my phone immediately
awesome phone i like micromax n always AMAZONE
I bought it on offer. the product is best for its price.
Mobile device is good. Calculator is not up to the mark.
Not a good product, not a user friendly. Not recommanded
Too much delay for lolipop update,battery drains so quik
super cool !!! thanks amazon& team.. cheers bennett
I liked the phone very much and meeting my expectations.
A good phone at an affordable price ... Thumbs up ......
hardly into the 2nd month and the phone is not starting.
Too good.... Just amazing.... Works really nice...
Excellent mobile.I recommended for my friend. John Basha
good very good... fast delivery before expectations.....
All things are better but , but battery back up is poor
product is nice. poor batery. good packing and delivery.
packing was nice -- phone is easy to use with good speed
wonderful mobile with reasonable rate and great features
All is good about the phone except the battery backup...
Performance is good. Delivery process is quick and good.
value for money...totally satisfied with the product....
Not good...heats up very quickly while calling someone!!
Only battery backup is low. Good one in under 7000 price
Timely delivery of my product. I am extremely satisfied.
It an Excellent phone & real value for money proposition
Awesome phone in this price range.. I like this product.
Great value for money with pure android fluid interface.
Unexpected mobile at this price with great configuration
Excellent phone . Better than expected . Value for money
Battery backup poor. Delivery time is not up to the mark
For Rs.6500 it is marvalous piece. OS is beautiful.
good phone at its price.....but the battery is very bad...and is there any one knows when the phone will get update of android version?
CHARGER & HEADPHONE PROBLEM charger not connect properly
touch is very soft and its a good performer for th price
All is well but dattery backup is very poor do something
5 stars for the Product. 2stars for Amazon service.
excellent phone.no problem at all quality is superb
Excellent service and brilliant phone in its price range
Good configuration at this price. Excellent performance. Micromax has done good work for google specification. Kudos to all behind this wonderful product.
They give the original product that show on the website.
Awesome phone & best experience to online phone purchase
A value for money fone, fast, reliable and good looking.
Its awesome.... High performance with low prices...
Good phone Google Android one micromax  
Nice mobile. Very high performance. Worth to purchase.
mobile is good ,but only one minus point,mobile battery.
good value for money. No problem in initial use.. -
Awesome product and really worth for this amount....+ReP
EXCELLENT,,ITS WORKIN WONDERS..ILL RECOMMEND FOR ALL ...
Good. User friendly. Not available in the retail market.
It's a good phone for new users but not for regular user
nice phone in this price range......Go for it guys......
Worth every penny in simple terms a smart phone ! For us
Best mobile in its segment.no dought you can go through.
One of the best phone available in low range smartphones
Canvas A1 fulfill my all requirement @ affordable price.
I bought this 2 weeks back. Superb product. Easy to use.
Awesome Phone. Give nexus experience at such less price.
Awesome phone...... Come with 8gb SD cart thanxxx amazon
Phone receiving speaker is not clear. Battery performance is very poor. Phone is getting heated withing few minutes of operation. Apps download application has problem. 3G is absolutely a vague claim. Internet surfing and download is very slow. Game dowload is taking infinite time from google apps. Wifi not working properly. Bluetooth receiving has problem. Inbuilt screen guard has many bubbles. Proper flip cover not yet available. Phone backside looking very cheap.
My name is Brahmaji sha. I am using this mobile from four days. pros : - Excellent display - Superb processor and remaing are same as regular models Cons: -Battery backup is bad. Micormax must replace the battery to every Micromax canvas A1 customer. Otherwise sell the compatible best battery at lowest price to the existing costomers. back cover should be make with better material. I am giving 4star due to battery backup and Back cover.
The phone is sleek and software is really good... but the battery charge exhausts in 2-4 hrs of basic usage like surfing net or FB or whatsapp.. How do we use it? All the good software doesnt comes to my use as I have to carry a charging cord with me always which is next to impossible. And the biggest problem is if you face any problem there is no helpline either of the seller or Micromax. Even the seller doesnt bother to reply on receipt of my mail. I am unhappy.
Hi! I bought this mobile and received within a week. When I inserted my SIM Airtel it was not working, I tried all tips and tricks which were found in internet. No signals received, when i kept this sim other mobiles, worked and reception of signals are excellent. I have returned this mobile and received my amount back. Amazon.in service is excellent, but Micromax is worst. In future Amazon may think twice when marketing Micromax products. KAMALAKAR REDDY
gr8 product... awesome battery life... perfect for me..
No issues with this phone. Used for more than 6 months!
Nice phone easy to use and ready to andriod lolipop 5.1
Not good phone.always goes hang.poor battery back up..
Sound and battery backup are not vary much satisfactory
camera flash not working properly...spice A-1 is better
Phone is good in this price....battery drains faster...
awesome product in wonderful price love you amazon
Superb and Excellent Mobile Phone,I have experienced...
Very nice phone but redeye reduction is not available..
Nice product, satisfied with service of Amazon as well.
good responsing phone, but photo clarity not satisfied,
Highly recommended.. Very gud set in this price range..
Excellent product for this price range. Very satisfied.
Nice phone, Good touch, but have some problems with UI.
Awesome design & look out ,speed and no hanging problem
The phone is very good at this price.but it is delicate
very good and capable phone by google and micromax.....
Beyond expectations.... Waiting for lollipop release...
Very good budget phone .... consumes battery very fast.
Nice mobile with affordable price and reasonable price.
It's a good phone. Only service is the concern in Pune.
Battery drains out in 1 hr. Had to return the product .
Decently gud phn to start eid. Espclly in d range f 7k.
Excellent phone with latest configuration on Good price
after connecting pc it do not show any storage on pc...
Mistake in phone...when i charge the phone it shutdown.
Product is up to expectation but audiability is bit low
only disadvantage im facing is the Poor Battery Backup.
It is a fine set. I don't about guarantee and warranty.
good mobile, very light weight and good product in less
One of the best mobile under 10K and very fast delivery
Touch sensitivity average sound quality could be better
Best budget phone I have ever seen.value for the money.
i purchased A1 on Oct 8th, this is a good as per value.
Very good deal for money. Could have been more weighty.
Just beyond all expectation.....good value for money...
Phone is good. Happy and satisfied with the service too
Good Product from Micromax waiting for android L update
Best entry level android smart phone ever I experienced
but still not get any gift coupons as mentioned earlier
Best one in this cost range with good marketing service
Sound comes down drastically while speaking over phone.
Great experience..... Loving it.....but no file manager
Excellent mobile this is..this mobile is buttery smooth
Intenal memory should be increased to get 5 star rating
Battery gets over vrey quickly, otherwise rest is fine.
its good only we have buy from u rate has been decrese
This is a good phone in this budget. You can go for it.
i find it very satisfying, this is my first smart phone
For the price at which it is available its a good phone
Thanks for such a beautiful product in such a low price
Best mobile its smooth fast and best part is d low cost
This phones looks good only on paper. I bought this phone very recently. The phone gets super hot when GPS/GPRS is turned on. So hot near the camera lens that I can't even put in my pocket or hold in the hand. I feared to get hurt or this phone might get burnt as it happened in many other phones. I had to switch off the GPS/GPRS. I can't use this feature any more for which I paid. I thought because Google is involved, hardware would have been good.
AWESOME FIRST MOBILE TO HAVE TWO YEARS UPGRADEABLE ANDROID AND HAS 4.4.4 ANDROID KITKAT
Great phone
The screen broke itself while charging. Touch problems
Good phone in this price. I got 10% SBI cash back also
nice phone but now update new phone with 2 gb ram
100 % wastage of meney manufacturing defects in Mobile
nicely working good for price my son always with this
Excellent product but battery backup shall be improved
battery backup is very poor. other than it's quite ok.
Great Value for money and you get the vanilla Android.
Plzzzz suggest me a good headphone for this ... Mobile
Good phone in this budget...But less battery backup...
using for past 2 months + at this price a good product
Micromax canvas A1 its a aweasom phone for this budjet
TRUE VALUE FOR MONEY you can't more at this price
Very nice phone. Value for money. I m happy.
A very good phone at this price. Look is very stylish.
Battery is the only problem otherwise the phone rocks.
good mobile....fast,smart and working much better.....
I am very happy get it in less days as I was expecting
Value for money.. good product Touch is awesome..
Product with normal expense. Good delivered by Amazon.
its a good phone. But Battery backup condition is poor
nice phone in this range, fine look with smooth touch.
Very best mobile, using from one month....works fast..
It is a fantastic model with no problems. Enjoying it.
I had to visit to service centre for software problems
Its very good and also affordable mobile in this range
Excellent model with low budget..... Nice design......
Good phone,enough feachers and the price is affordable
Nice and handy n beautiful set and with many features.
Cute phone.looking so nice smart phone at lower price.
Good phone for smartphone beginners. N for simple use.
Good phone with good features at this price range.....
i do not get the the 500 gift Coupon and 2000 voucher
Overall good phone Camera little disappointing...
Awesome phone touch is very responsive great features.
Excellent phone at valuable price. Grab it Cheers
It is a best mobile for middle class people s,........
Good device. Best performance. Nice body. Nice design.
It is one of excellent smartphone in this price range.
excellent Phone - value for money. Rund & Grab it
Very Good!! and faster delivery Thanks
Nice looking phone very fast delivery from amazon ....
Just awasome Phone at this Price. Go for it right now.
Phone call receiving voice volume has to be increased.
Very good marvelus jordar no words ok i feel gudgudi.
A good-looking handy smartphone at a reasonable price.
Very good quality, speed is optimal and worth of money
Battery back up is not good. Otherwise value for money
good mobile but long time talking battery heat problem
More feature in low price ,,,,,,,Great in androide one
nice phone with good user interface and less expensive
Very good phone for this price.. Pros-- No Lag at all-- I ran 10 apps parallel with no probs at all You get 2.2 gb usable after kitkat installation in phone memory ( that is better compared to other phones) Amazon's best delivery service with all the offers Cons-- Primary Camera Not that good in low lights.. Battery drains fast, Maximum 12 hours for medium usage But overall just wow
Very good phone performance , good camera good speed.
Better than any other Android available in the market
Nice phone. Recently my OS got updated to 5.1. Great.
I like, that handset is the best handset of micromax.
In this price range.. Very good...very much SATISFIED
Nice phone low price good amazon and thank you amazon
Go for moto e or g they have nice screen n function s
good phone,but didnt got android L yet as google said
Very good product at an incredibly competitive price.
Really very good product and at very affordable rate.
Except battery capacity every thing else is ok for me
When we will get lollipop updates in canvas a1..? :(
very much satisfied with the product and its features
value for money.. tough phone! excellent performance!
Nice product. Prompt delivery by the company. Thanks.
Product is good but the battery drains out very fast.
Great piece @ this price.... Simply Awesome!!!!!!!!!!
Gr8 phone.I like it.I think best pone in this budget.
This product is fine enough now rate must be reviewed
it is very use full for me but battery is very week .
It is very nice phone I liked very much with low cost
Good phone for its price a decent camera and ok specs
but some times hangs & not able to use data services.
Really super handset but courier service is not good.
it is a fantastic set, very handy and easy to operate
I have just played morden combact. And apsalt 8 in it
Awesome phone ! Excellent buy ...worth every penny :)
excellent value for money - comparable to Nexus 5....
good phone but the customer service by amazon a wrost
Good one in this budget but Camera need to improve ..
Best Mobile ever, after comparing prize and features.
Battery Life is less other than that everything is ok
Good phone at this price,I am happy buying this phone
Battery drains to fast whether it is in standby mode.
amazing smart phone, i am very satisfied this device.
Awesome Phone with Brilliant Performance.Have it guys
a phone with new android platform and value for money
Good phone at the given budget. No glitches so far :)
Good one, but need to improve the clarity of the cam.
nice product but much time taken to charge the battry
i m happy with Micromax Canvas A1 nothing any issue.
very good mobile in that price point thanks amazon.in
great phone at that price, performance is quite good.
Awesome phone ....comparatively the best at its range
The device is fine but the delivery is not that good.
Good performance for a low budget phone. Recommended.
Realy excellent smart phone . GREAT SERVICE BY AMAZON
screen guard given along with mobile is full of dirt.
Unable to connect PC . No support available to help .
Ok, its fine and the Camera quality is not that good.
Value for money. A steal compared to others like Moto
it's amazing but one thing is battery is just 1700mah
I think no phone can beat ANDROID ONE at this price.
Awesome services from Amazon..... and mobile is NICE.
Hallo friends, after reading all reviews I have purchased android one micromax from Amazon but facing one issue. Can not send messages from my handset. Also tried to get into message centre number settings but that option is not appearing in msg settings. Please help me out. Else need to return this phone back. Anyone of you ever faced this issue? Trying to contact micromax but that number never really is connected. Please help.
very nice mobile And delivery also very good on time
Average mobile below 6000 And good service by amazon
An Awesome Phone having all feature in Budget Amount
At this budget it is a nice phone to use. Go for it.
Except for the battery life, good phone at the price
Lighting fast delivery, awesome phone for the price.
Superb smart phone..... amazon is really amazing....
This is best for my range Happy with this phone
Mobile is amazing only one problem no battery backup
Amazing Internet Speed Yar Value For Money Yaar
Good Phone... Working smooth .. good value for money
Fast processing speed... Stylish economical products
Good product,value for money and meets expectations.
excellent phone... great phone in this price...
Nice touch. Good screen size. Value for money phone.
Good phone.very much enjoyed.Good service by Amazon.
Awesome phone with latest software and within budget
good phone..using it since last 3 months..no problem
Good phone slim , and stylist but camera is not good
Good for Smooth Use & All Application are Supported.
Battery poor quality.-5for battery.otherwise not bad
Micro max android -1 is mind blowing fantastic items
All feature s r gud BT battery back up is very low..
Its best choice to choose medium cost android phone.
Only battery backup is very weak..phone is excellent
Photos uploaded from the phone are always pixelated.
Good buy considering the money you are shelling out.
Everything in just 6500 Feeling proud as a user
It's really good, meets the expectations quite well.
awesome device.budget beast..totally value for money
Excellent mobile with lots f feature for that price.
The Best Phone in Android One with excellent pricing
Finally.... I got my android one... its amazing.....
handset is good but has wifi has connectivity issues
Delivered on time! Very happy with this slim handset
P Mobile is very good but batter backup is less
Value for money. Battery power could have been more.
its awesome phone guys. I m very glad after used it.
good features but except gallery option.no gallery .
Nice Phone specially for the price and affordability
every this is superb except battery and media sound.
design ok, performs ok, battery poor, camera average
It's a fantastic anroid phone.. I am really love it.
Good mobile.......battery backup is not good........
its very pretty that you delivered the part at time.
I like it very much. So I have ordered twice for me.
android one is very good. your service is also good.
you can't get better than this in any phone in 10000
Phone is awesome...but sometimes it just hanged ....
Excellent phone with zero lags and high performance.
Its Fine Product With High Quality Modern changes...
Light weighted and had nice features. Camera is good
Pl tale me about Rs 2000 gift card on next purchase.
Bought this mobile Micromax Canvas A1 with Android One on 25 sept 2014....opened to find the product defective. The proximity sensor not functioning...as explained to me by Micromax helpline. Have recommended to go to nearest servive centre to get the mobile opened and get the sensor cleaned. A new sealed box has DUST *%$#@....some thing wrong with Micromax quality control. What do I do ???Can this be exchanged....
amazing product by micromax and fulfilled by amazon
very good product...........fast delivery..........
Awsm experience in this price also guranted updates
Best phone at this price range with google support.
A good budget phone with good front cam for selfies
its an awesome phone in this price range...........
i cant set my fav song as rintone...help me ...mobile is good ....low battery powr...
Very nice phone. But I got my phone a little late.
good n real products at lower price even from shops
Good. But the camera clarity is not up to the mark.
Its just an awesome device @ such a low price......
Very nice mobile but battery back up is not so good
battery back up 2 hours only... its not good mobile
It is good phone and i am really enjoying with this
Good.... But Bettry backup is not so good
Nice phone but having some problem with 3g network.
my phone is not working ...I am really disappointed
awesome phone in this range , very fast n very good
EXCELLENT PHONE..and also..good service my amazon..
best phone at low price. i feel better than moto e.
Good phone, excellent features in this price range.
Operating system is amazing..... good for daily use
its no 1 mobile.for rs 6500. all features included.
best mobile with all required features in low cost
Phone is good bt battery backup is the main isssue.
Nic mobile. . .bt battery life shud b improved. . .
Good phone ...need to see how many days it sustains
good mobile meeting all the requirements of routine
Nice Phone in this Range And Good Service by Amazon
Little slow. Does not support blue tooth very well.
Toch response very poor, voice call sound very low.
i dont know...why its wifi connectivity problem....
Awesome Phone with awesome features value for money
Better look and better internal memory than unite 2
Good ..only disadvantage I can think is the battery
IT AWESOME MOBILE AT THIS PRIES. LOOKING VERY GOOD.
Battery and camera quality not good else nice handy
It's Good product. I got it on time from Amazon.in.
Battery Backup Is very Poor...Other all are good...
Awesome phone .. Great deal.. Android one rocks!!!!
It very cost effective android model .Worth Trying.
You can not send any coupon as show on your website
sound from 3.5 mm audio jack is not coming properly
Good android phone with all specs in a lowest price
Awesome phone in low price I really like this.
Very good phone in this price range.Value for money
ultimate phone in 6499 ..fully feature loaded phone
This is the best mobile at the cost of 6500 rupees.
Awosome just grab it don't think I am also using it
phone is good but speaker is below satisfactory....
Battery is very poor, else everything is very good.
fone good but battery or 4gb internal storage bad
its very good new edition android lolly pop ......
it's change automatically 3g to 2g. very big issue
Latest software lolipop is there .. Excellent
Very bad product its battery is draining very fast
AWESOME MOBILE BUT NEXT TIME PLEASE ADD SOME GAMES
Paid invite... Contact hardikgala77@gmail.com asap
good exprience even purchased twice for my brother
Awesome till now no lags it is like nexus best buy n only issue is heating while charging
Great phone. No problem since purchase (4months).
I thing its a best mobile on this prize...........
GOOD PRODUCT BUT CAMERA CLARITY IS LITTLE LOW
Super phone with perfect price for pocket friendly
best mobile phone and always new update google aap
it is an excellent product for a very cheap price.
Cool phone....awesome features at reasonable price
the picture quality of this phone is not that good
Good phone..very good features in this price range
features r goods but still we have to see for life
Good feature and works like smart phone!!!!!!!!!!!
NICE-ENJOYING THE PHONE-WAITING FOR CASH BACK(sbi)
i like very much because its price for poor & rich
In Rs 6500/ very good phone.... Originally Android
Great value for money! Recommended phone below 7k.
I am satisfied with the performance of my micromax
This is good configuration but better is very poor
All good things what you need in basic smart phone
Nice experience and amazing phone in medium budget
Very good mobile within this price range. Happy :)
Works great. Better than moto g at half it's cost.
Very nice phone....but pathetic battery backup....
great phone go for it. i switched to lumia to this
Great thing to be gifted.... I gifted to my Bro :)
Meets my needs Worth more than the money paid
Very responsive phone. True value for money phone.
Good mobile with lovely look and so many features.
fantasticcccccc....But flip cover is not available
good one. thnkx amazon you delivered this on time.
Budget phone with a well tested h/w from Micromax.
Nice phone and touch is very smooth..good features
All Many fetures in this cost..!! Impossible.
good product my micromax, but i hate fedex courier
Great Product...but delivery time needs to improve
according to price . it is best in its segment ...
good phone and good service by amazon online store
Excellent performance,supereb looks & every thing.
Excellent features,performance at unbeatable price
on buying 2nd piece will you give me more discount
camera is not that good....other features are good
Good instrument Good price Good delivery by Amazon
except battery charging everything is fine, for me
Best smartphone best performance best lowest price
Excellent phone by Micromax with Google hardware..
For its price, it is a mobile phone nice to have !
Good one at less Cost. Thank You Micromax....
Good phone with good features at reasonable price.
Excellent.
nice phone
GOOD PHONE
VERY GOOD.
NICE PHONE
Its a good phone, nice to hold, sound quality, picture quality, touch pad etc basic things are good Camera is good both primary and secondary, response is great Only problem is battery backup a lil less should be approx 2000 mah Overall I give it 8.5 out of 10 Nice work micromax expectations are now increased alot Being a indian market it brings good things but still as no one is better so keep trying to give your best shot n make people shock with such things Improve camera battery backup a lil more Thats all I want to say keep it guys keep banging :-) And yes amazon thanks for quick delivery
Writing this review after the usage of 2 days...First thanks to Amazon for the perfect delivery... 1.Butter smooth touch 2.Jet speed processor 3.Light weight 4.Stylish look 5.Crisp & Clear Audio 6.Watched HDV in YT...was awesome 7.Powerful Battery back up 8.5MP Camera output is good 9.Worth for MONEY Still thinking...Go for it...!!!
Defective peice..but money returned back easily..
its been a year now. its still working very well.
Very good gadget at this price...no issues at all
Camera does not works properly. Defected battery.
One of the best phone in this range.... Loving it
I have purchased with 4999 offer, its really nice
Battery backup is very bad and call voice is bad.
Good phone at this price. Camera sometimes stops.
Delivered@5499/- nest day price slashed 4999/- :(
worst phone , no update from google after 4 month
Have certain issues! However, overall nice phone.
Nice phone, I found faster than my samsung grand.
great slim body n touch but not good front camera
Better than many other phones at this price range
Nice phone in a good budget.. Till now no problem
Good to its claim. I can recommend this to others
Excellent phone. But battery doesn't lost longer.
Excellent phone..and also good serveice by amazon
Every thing is first class except battery back up
It a nice fone no any problem battery backup nice
Good phone and also excellent service of Amazon
Good mobile, except camera is not that much good.
Best Phone most of the features like google nexus
price is very good, goodlooking and lovly mobile.
Certain apps like Skype are difficult to download
Battery backup only 12 hours little disappointed
No words guys awesome....... Buy it now........!!
Amazing phone...i have never used this kind phone
Good phone with stock android...... Budget Nexus!
Phone is Excellent and No Problems with Delivery.
very nice phone and amazon delivery is very fast.
nice mobile as his price...low budget smart phone
Amazing...Exceeds Expectations for the price.....
It is good phone in this budget. But is very poor
Worst battery life ever, everything else is good.
Good. But not satisfied with battery performance.
It is great phone . good looking and good camera.
Very Good Phone!!!Neat Display!!!Good functions!!
Excellent mobile.Amazon commitment simply superb.
Cool device..but camera surface gets messed up ..
Its is amazing phone.... Best processing speed...
Overall good... Battery backup should be improve.
On time delivery and no problems with the product
A nice set. But battery life is not much as told.
Very Excellent phone from Micomax. Thank u Amazon
in this phone sim card problem....no detect sim..
Mobile is good and feature would be more advance.
Nice phone I am not receive free gift cupens
Excelant device with good speed and all features.
Battery performance week I can't accept pls solve
Mobile is nice.. only thing is speaker is bit low
Except battery life everything is just awesome...
Its s good catch for the cost. Handy and elegant.
Battery is poor, cannot send business card by SMS
Sob think hai thoda bettry jaldi down ho raha hai
excellent product & great experience with Amazon.
This phone meets the expectanc to a great extent.
Very nice product and very good delivery services
Good mobile for the budget!!! And a nice design!
much more is needed to manage contacts. else fine
I will connect to the world by Micromax canvas A1
Awesome phone for the price... Worth the price...
Good. Timely dispatched and received. Recommended
Great phone with all round quality specs at an economical price. The phone has the latest Android OS and is upgradeable to the Android L (when it comes out). The look and feel is way superior to the Spice and Karbonn phones. Amazon's delivery is always on time. Highly recommend buying this!
Very good mobile with good android at less price
Very nice phone superb thanks amezon nd micromax
Nice product n packaging and delivery is awesome
Product delivered as described. Genuine product.
Nice product but disappointed as still no update
True value for money but battery backup is less.
really a good product from the house of micromax
Basic features and facilities are not available.
the features in the phone comparing is good
nice mobile. but no battery backup only 18-20 hr
It's good to have a budget phone handy in 6.5k..
Nice phone in this budget..... Running perfectly
Good Experience. Very good Courier Service.
Nice but some functions are not working properly
Product is good but courier delivery is not good
Battery could be better, finish could be better.
Range so high then another compeny's android one
Good phone but battery consumption is very high.
really wonderful... very good indeed ;
Good Mobile with sturdiness and its applications
I used this phone for 2 days. Its really awesome
its really good phone to buy at this price range
it is good but battery life not more than 10hour
other than battery backup its nice phone........
awesome device..... my heart is surrounded by it
Good High Speed, Attractive Good quality Camera!
Great product for good price, very satisfied !!!
its awesome supper fasts phone for a good praice
BATTERY BACK UP IS VERY LOW WHILE RUNING VIDEO'S
Nice phone .can't get better phone at this rate.
Quite an impressive phone under 7k i would say..
PHONE LOCK BUTTON IS NOT WORKING IN JUST 20 DAYS
Value for money... nice features... worth buying
It is very good mobile. Front camera is awesome.
Very good phone. Best in class. Value for money.
Good ptoduct at this price which is android one.
Simply outstanding mobile in this price bracket,
Its a very nice mobile....! I like it.....!
Best phone for best price. Very good perfomance.
Good product but delivery time is more .........
It has exceeded my expectation ... SIMPLY SUPERB
Its good but battery backup needs to be improved
Over all good phone in this price, no any issue.
excellent item at this price to gist to some one
phone is very good but battery backup is poor...
Fast shipping, worth product.!!! i am Loving it.
excellent mobile at low price....value for money
As per the Value the product is up to the mark .
Great Phone. nice touch and good battery backup
this is a very nice phone....product up to mark
nice product but some times hanged. totally f9.
At the price point of 99, it's value for money.
super but battery backup 6hours only disadvance
Really good mobile. worth to buy on this price.
Value for money and very good for general uses.
Nyc cell It had fulfilled our expectations
its good but still android l update is arrived.
Cool phone but touch on vibrate was not working
Camera quality not meet my expectationsssssss !
Good-quality product best price I am satisfied.
white androidone is looking better than this...
I bought it for my aunt and its worth the money
It seems to be delicate the back and the camera
This is The best phone in its price range......
EXCELLENT PHONE FOR ITS PRICE.... MINI NEXUS :)
Good display and wait is less than other phones
mobile phone good but battery backup very low..
An amazing smartphone at an amazing price...:-)
Best smartphone in low entry segment... :)
As compare to its price, all features are good.
So far its good as they mentioned in features..
Product itself is ok, but it is getting heated.
Awesome Mobile.... Quick delivery by Amazon....
amazing phone bt having small battery life.....
it is really wonderful thing in this price.....
The phone was really good except camera pixels.
Coupon offer with the product is waste.. No use
Gr888 phone at this price brilliant functioning
working perfectly. But memory card not working.
Product is really good and meets the quality...
mobil software is k but the handset is not good
Awesome , I am enjoying android one very well..
It is one of the best mobile in the that price.
Good phone. But Battery Buck up very poor.
Nice but price is high for this type of quality
This is good . warning very good.thanks amazon.
all aspects ok, battery backup only is painfull
nice phone under this amount ..................
Yep ! Good marketing buy google on android one.
In my life this is the best choice friend
Found it to be very good.Nice looks & features.
Both delivery and quality of product is spot on
Every thing is good but camera r lettel bit wek
I am enjoying with Micromax Canvas A 1 Android.
Nice phone, but camera average , battery weak ,
It's great but i thing i got a defected one...,
I only Buy it because the support of google ...
Happy with this phone .nice phone in this price
very good. Performance wise its really awesome.
nice product in given range and worth the money
Mobile is not gud retarn ka mobile plz call me
Awesome mobile. Value for money. Good features.
This is an excellent model for all purpose use.
Till now haven't faced any problem. Best Phone.
Nice Build...loved it... Thanks to Microax
This pH is good..... I am useing satisfied.....
Good product at great price and prompt delivery
Very good mobile with nice features at low cost
Product was Ok. Front camera was not working!!!
Excellent phone in the affordable price bucket.
filp cover is not available mobile is fine
Best phone that one can by for this price....:)
This isn't a review of the handset, but just as importantly, of the manufacturer. And maybe I am unfortunate and have ended up with a bad handset but nothing can excuse the terrible service Micromax offers its customers. If you are thinking of buying this phone (or any of the other Micromax phones on offer) I would advise you to reconsider and explore phones (or TVs or whatever else you are considering) from some of the other established manufacturers out in the market. To give you more background (and this is just a sob story, so expect a lot of whining and a lot of complaining), I spent a lot of time researching the web for reviews and tech specs of all the budget phones available in the market. I have to admit, given my budget constraints, the Canvas HD was not my first preference and the reason I purchased it was because Lenovo phones weren’t quite as popular and because I had my reservations on the quality of service they might afford, if and when needed later. The underlying assumption was that the significant client base that Micromax had garnered would imply a reliable and wide base of customer service. Boy was I wrong on all counts. After buying the phone in April 2013, my wife used it for a grand total of 2 months after which the touchscreen stopped responding. Happily, we found a service center not very far from my wife's workplace but that was where our happiness ended. The trip to the service center involved a 4 hour wait (I kid you not!), just to get the phone inspected by the engineers. The sheer number of people waiting to submit their Canvas HDs was rather disconcerting. Nonetheless, the hopeless optimist in me hoped that the phone would not spend more than 15 days in the service center, as assured by them. Foolish and naive me. Repeated visits to the service center to enquire about the status of repairs were always greeted by "We'll call you with an update." Like a fool in love, I kept waiting for their call, not knowing that this relationship was doomed and I was being stood up. My wife though, is smarter than me and after three months of fighting and abusing and cursing and following up with customer care over twitter and email, she finally had the phone in hand. Note: Time since phone has been purchased: approx. 5 months, time we have had it, approx. 2 months. So, cheerfully, we took charge of our beloved phone, almost ready to forgive and forget. This story though, has no happy ending or a happy between or a happy before-the-end or anything to do with any joy what so ever, so you might as well be prepared for more sobbing. The phone had several signs of physical damage, on the metal band along its edge and disturbingly, the menu options at the bottom, which were near transparent. Another argument later, they begrudgingly took it back and we were returned a better looking phone, IMEI updated on the original bill, et al. We kept the phone in the box, intent on using it after we had the screen guard and case in place. Given our white-collared slavery though, we weren’t able to put the necessary protection in place for a few weeks and when we did finally have everything in place, we realized that the earpiece wasn’t functioning. Moreover, put the phone to charge and it would shut down. (Check the video here: [.....[) Once again, we faced the daunting task of spending a few hours at the service center. This time though, I decided to be smart and choose a different service center, to hopefully have a better experience. (Keeping with the theme of this story though), "SOB!" The service center informed us that the IMEI on the bill and that of the phone was different and they couldn’t accept the phone! We made our way back to the original service center, who said that it was an honest mistake, promptly changed the IMEI, stamped the bill and took it in for repairs, in the first week of November. After waiting patiently (If you are looking for some positive, you can take one here: I am a more patient man thanks to this experience!), we finally called up customer care, fought to speak with some seniors and asked them for a speedy resolution. The day was 30 Dec 2013. We were assured of a resolution within a max of 10 working days. Today is the 17th of Sept, 2014. Needless to say, no response and I have absolutely no idea of what they have done with my kidnapped phone. Sigh. I have recently approached the consumer forum and shall definitely be pursuing legal action. Should you still buy a Micromax? I hope you can answer that question yourself. Oh! And just to sum up, Number of months since purchase: 18, Number of months of use: 2, Number of months of repossession by Micromax: 16. I haven’t begun counting the interest they owe me on INR15,250 that I paid Micromax to hold my phone hostage (Weird kidnapping this, the ransom was paid beforehand!) In case you are a die-hard Micromax fan though, I have all the electronic records of our email conversations with Micromax and the recorded voice calls of all the customer care assurances. I'll gladly let you verify them for yourself. You know what's ironic? Amazon gave me a prize for this review. And Micromax? They continue to look in some other direction.
The mobile is really good and worth for money.
Gud phone. worth buying it. Updated to Lolipop
Good Android mobile. Like it. Worth for money.
Nice phone and amazing features for the budget
Awesome product & speedy delivery from Amazon.
excellent product at low price.. Must try
I recommend you not to buy this piece of s***.
Price worthy phone, u can buy this phone guys.
nice product and really a very good experience
awesome mobile... got it yesterday......
It seems a good smart phone with a low budget.
As compare to price its very decent and smooth
Nice phone every one can buy this budget phone
Its a nice phone. Very fast. Its in my budget.
its amazing phone made by micromax . love this
It's good to use. But sometimes it is hanging.
Best Smartphone ever, in this price range!!!!!
very poor battery life even with normal usage.
Amazing phone loved It . Worth every penny ...
You can't get this type of phone in this range
it's realllly OSMO mobile suitable 4 my budget
Only screen ppi is low Other wise go 4 it
Great value for money EXCEPT the battery life!
Can't find a phone good as this at this price.
Stock android but updates will take much time.
High performance Guaranteed. Go for it :)
Hear Speaker is not good. Havery thing is good
Sim card not detected the next day of delivery
worst mobile i had seen ever. very poor camera
Good but the only problem is the battery issue
Nice phone :-) for this price, worth for money
Except for the camera, it's a decent purchase.
Good smart phone. No adverse features noticed.
Never thought of it be so swift no lag at all.
i like it design but i have never use it...yet
In this budget ... The device is awesome .....
It is one of the best mobiles ever used by me.
Excellent value for money completely satisfied
good phone for the price..very fast delivery..
Nice phone and features. fast delivery...
Value for money... Really a good phone...
nice phone in budget.......wont dissapoint u..
Nice Phone , But the delivery time is very bad
Its owsome mobile I am also using it best.....
It is very good at that particular price level
It's very gud for budget no one issue can find
Its good budjet phone with good internet speed
Got nice canvas a1 mobile. . Thank you amezon.
Will give rating by 4.5, is a very good phone.
Awesome phone! Dont have wprds to describe it!
Amazing product for a great price!!! Loved it!
Nice delivery. Working fine. camera clarity ok
Good one,But need to improve battery package..
Its good phone Micromax bathing like anything.
Very poor battery. Software hanging sometimes.
Its a very nice phone , value for money type .
Superb value for money. Couldn't ask for more.
My first android phone. I am enjoying with it.
I have been using it for the past few days. The feel is solid and the performance is stellar. I actually hesitate saying it is a good phone for the price point, I think it is a good phone overall. Pros: Responds well - good response to touch in terms of speed Music plays well Screen looks crisp Photos aren't bad, that is probably where it lacks with bigger more powerful phones Cons: Need to see how it performs in 3 months, I don't suspect but hope it performs beyond my initial excitement
Excellent
good one.
Excellent
1. The phone has frequent hanging problem with/without dual sim, and when Wi-Fi is on. 2. The device heats up drastically even if you talk only for 5mins. 3. Even while charging, the device gets heated. I have tested other mobiles on the same plug point, and they don't have such heating. 4. Camera quality is mediocre even with flash
Good mobile to have when u get updates for it
5 mitnit Internet Enable And So Hit My Mobile
Very good phone,but battery capacity is poor.
NEO... best in the business .. just go for it
Battery Backup is less. Value for Money.
Its good but sound quality is not enough.....
Its best buy for the money u spend as of now.
Works well. Decent Looks. Camera is good too.
A1 is good. But net conection must be faster.
A decent phone. Neither too good nor too bad!
Mictmax canvas A1 is very nice android phone.
This is an awesome budget phone than expected
application can not instal to this phone :-(, please help me...
it is working excellent. Wish to buy anybody.
ALL GOOD XCEPT BATTERY ISSUE I.E. LOW BACKUP.
Bettry is not good ...rest of things are OK..
Nice mobile, and delivery was on time. Thanks
Upto mark.....good product and quick delivery
It is very awesome phone at affroadable price
Phone is good. waiting for lollipop version..
Nowhere near Moto G. Don't fall for the hype.
MORE THEN MY EXPECTATION,REALY VERY NICE ONE
Camera stops working for sometime on its own.
yes, this is good one within midlevel budget.
WOW ITS A VERY NICE PHONE IN EXCELLENT BUDGET
Good mobile and amazone delivery is excellent
very good phone for a android starter. :D (Y)
This is tone of the best product of micromax.
It's Nice One... I Like it. Thank you Amazon.
Very cost effective and performance wise good
it is excellent product and working very well
amazing phone..it fulfill my all requirments.
thanx for sold it is febulouse phone forever.
Nice phone I use it and good package in 6500
I would say pretty decent phone at such cost.
Very nice packing, nice product in this price
Everything is good except the battery back-up
it this prise best phone i liker it
really nice and useful phone, value for money
excellent product and with good deal ..... :)
nice smart phone....amazon ...? good service.
nice phone......we called this as mini nexus.
Cheap and best..according to present market..
overall good phone....good battery back up...
Nice phone at this price. Similar to nexus 5.
Value for Money.. Will definitely recommend..
This is the mobile which change my life style
Its a very good phone except for battery life
A sleek phone with smart apps suits every one
Value for Money !!! Well done Micromax... Sam
good i like it and may be buy a new one again
Really an amazing phone for an amazing price.
good product at a good price...no complaints
Very gud product and delivery.... Keep it up
poor battery life,not recommended to others.
Awsm mobile with awsm features in jst 6500rs
Excellent package and Service also Excellent
Good phone... Good price.. Phone is awesome.
as per expectation and good delivery service
Ok, no issue till date .Performance is well.
Great price!!!. Good phone with all features
Far better than the any phone at this price.
Awesome mobile.. Worth for money.. Go for it
Great phone at the price and with the offer.
nice looking, good features, value for money
Gd phone in this price range probably d best
I using,, from last one month,, it's superb
I am Happy with MMX A1 , best in that class.
I like this phone except battery performance
Around 90% reached upto my expectations.....
external speaker sound quality is very good.
This is amazing phone & good Amazon service.
Exelent phone with indian brand with google
Editing a contact can be made more simple .
Nice one.. Looking ominous.. Worth paying...
So far so good... But camera is 3rd class...
Looking nice and so many features available.
Good model , good apps & very easy to handle
fast delivery, amazing packing, good product
Battery life is the only problem . thank you
Its a good phone and good experience for me.
for this cost with advance futures very nice
Nice cell worth buying has every apps needed
nice mobile with good google android one OS
Asum Phone.. But Require More battrey Backup
one of the best smartphone at this price....
It's good but sometimes freezes n don't work
great fone! Complete value for money !!
cool superb best mobile in minimum budget.:)
Overall it is good. But the pH hangs often.
Good but Camera is not upto the expectation.
Working very nicely. I'm happy to have this.
Great product timely delivery very satisfied
Excellent one , quick to respond. Go for it.
Very good for smartphone in affordable price
Good phone, best delivery service for amazon
Good phone boughtfor a friend and it is good
package is very good , thank u amazon.in ,,,
Its amazing guys Don't think of Buying it...
value for money,i want to buy one more....:)
Goooood smooth performance crystal sound....
Best phone as compare to moto e and redmi 1s
fits my needs perfectly.. love this phone...
nice phone i have already use this phone ...
good product and recommendable to every one.
its better than other one but battery is low
Awesome phone .... Hope it last forever.....
Best phone alive in this range must purchase
Awesome Phone within this price range.....:)
Nice product. I love it. Thanks for micromax
Descent enough piece considering the budget.
Phone is good. But the speaker is very low..
Good mobile for general person in this rate.
Its a great phone. Absolute value for money.
all are good. 8gb memory card is there.
Good Product.....,Worth for money..........,
Just an excellent phone in this price tag...
More worthy, good specification and chipper.
i got mobile but did not get discount coupen
Great performance and meets my expectation!!
Very happy with my purchase and the product.
Good One ...... Thats It.........
nice but touch of phone is not upto the mark
Superb android phone for Middle level usage.
i didn't get the coupons with the package...
I find this device very attractive and fast.
I have received the mobile in on time.But quality is not good,in mobile there is no file manager, gallery app,its not connected to the Laptop also.internet working condition also slow...I have facing the so many problem till now....Please if have replace new one its ok...other wise will give extra mony pls send different modle....
Bluetooth can not connect with other phone. Internet speed slow. Never show h+ or h option for internet speed. U tube not work on HD with sim. Need cutting sim hence sim become useless with other phone. Internet lovers should be away a from this. I m ready to return it within ten days of trial. Battery backup less than one day.
Great phone at this price point ☺ love it
Works smooth after the lollipop 5.1 update.
Working great...running all big games ..!!
very good mobile phone in this price range.
Best mobile in low price. I ordered 3.
Its really "Nothing like Anything".
ok collction and delavry time ez very good
very good purchase......highly satisfactory
amazing mobile for this cost... really good
Its ok...you may buy it without hesitation.
Till now its performance is up to the mark.
In my phone there is no internal memory ...
Download problem in different wi-fi network
This phone is too good for paying just 6499
very small acceptations of item as shown...
Product was very good but shipment was late
I got before the delivery date. I like it..
Good mobile in 6499/- with free memory card
It did not work at all, I had to return it.
nice. i 95% Satisfy for micromax canvas A1
good cell, in its price range it is awesome
I have recived black color instead of white
It is good to use faster then other sets...
very good phone with an affordable price...
Met all my expectations of a new gene phone
Phone is is good condition but hanged once.
Nice Nice - Its actually more than expected
Defect found in my micromax canvas A1 phone
Good value for price It's just awesome
Awesome... phone....get ONE for yourself...
Best Phone for the price, grate performance
my first smartphone. Felt good. Good phone.
Good in looks and performance at this price
It meets my expectations for the price paid
Best piece at a very reasonable price...Go for it...:)
Very nice phone go for it at this price tag
It's more than an smartphone.... Best pick.
Nice phone, battery should have been better
its awesome phone..,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,
Nice product for the price. Really woth it.
Vary good mobile Did much better than
Nice mobile but camera clearity not so good
Awesome phone, worth for every penny spent.
the product is really great for the price .
not upto the mark or satisfaction deep
It's best up to 10000 ranges of mobiles....
Good and awesome product from micromax.....
Unique phone with all features yu look for.
It is very good. I have purchased one more.
Its awesome mobile only drawback is battery
Felt Great using this mobile. Thanks Amazon
TOUCH IS NOT GOOD RAM IS NOT WORK ,WORKING
Good mobile and fullfilled my expectations.
Good phone . haven't had any problem so far
The phone is really amazing for such budget
Apps can't be download through play store..
excellent phone with Google android support
Excellent phone. I am completely satisfied.
Good Phone with all the features @ low cost
awesome phone ever!!!! should be of 15000/-
Bought this as a gift for my father. But, it stopped working in less than a month. The service centre has sent it to the factory as they can't rectify it.I am yet to hear from Micromax and had to buy another phone. I would suggest to pay a little more and buy Samsung products to avoid additional expenses and disppointments
Not good not seen in the gallery or file manager icon in menu
Very useful Android phone worth its price.
Good Phone. Infocus M2 is better than this
Very very good phone no complaints at all.
Everything perfect. Except battery backup.
Delivery was prompt and product also good.
Very nice product for the affordable price
All specs are great except only battery...
Phone s good but battery status is average
gd. No problem. I got 2 pieces from Amazon
Wonderful with lowest price superb working
it is a nice product with the money.......
How can I put one sim is on and one is off
Awesome phone with this range...unbeatable
This smartphone is awesome with less price
good phone, Battery last fro 7 hours only.
matches the expectation for the price paid
I received a faulty one so i returned back
Nice & Simple, Bright & Clear Display
It is quite good but camera is rear qality
Very good budget phone from Google and MMX
it is a very good phone & worth for money.
i loved it good mobile in under the 7000rs
back camera panel color is eroding........
Very nice phone to have Android experience
Good Phone as on Budget. Good performance.
Great product under 7k just working great.
Good product at this price value for money
I'm fully satitisfied with phone features.
Average product . Not comparable to moto e
Nice phone....amazon is true to it's speed
Well enough. I got d product worth I paid.
nice phone and light weight , sleek design
Great mobile only problem of battery life.
Worst phone ever owned. Cheap china stuff.
good phone.. but battery last for a day...
Very Good phone and deliver in quick time.
aweesom android phone it the range of 6500
it is a good smart phone B L Narayana
Product as expected, advertised. Good buy.
good featured mobile with reasonable price
Excellent budget smartphone at this price.
Good product and amazing service by amazon
very bad courier facility..delay of 4 days
Quite satisfied......very much lyk Samsung
Good Mobile with great specs. Recommended.
Nice mobile buttery smooth working......:)
Great phone , great features at this price
The phone is very nice at this price level
Nice in budget. Average Indian Nexus.
Like this phone very much. Its worth......
Good phone . within this budget. Excellent
Delivery on time. Good product. Thank you!
it was a good deal...i have no regrets..:)
Delivered very fast. Product is very good.
new phone n its hang. Not working properly
Worth full on this price..too good yarrr..
Great features for a very reasonable price
I am Fully Satisfied With This Micromax A1
Nice feel, nice looks, good multi tasking.
nice functioning good pic and overall good
battary back up is not upto expected level
Amazing phone & meet my all exepatation...
good phone,,normal usage and good features
Nice phone. Camera awesome.. Features good
Satisfied with my android 1. Thanks amazon
better product by google compare to others
Service was good And even the product
Must buy for first time smartphone buyers.
nice Phone only Battery backup is an issue
good product..........worth the price tag.
Technically good, feel and aesthetics poor
Good looking.. Front camera is very nice..
Phone is very good in this price range....
amazing phone for amazing price could nt expect more at this price with quad core processor this phone does not have any lag i have ordered this phone and i am quite satisfied the front 2 megapixel camera is of very fine quality and moreover just like nexus phones this phone will get update directly from google
Very nice and slim phone. Just got the phone today. Till now seems very nice and amazon customer service is very good. I ordered the phone yesterday and called customer service today to Check if the delivery can be made before the est 23rd sep as mentioned. And got the phone today within 29 hours of ordering. I am using a moto g and the display and features are pretty much same. I bought this phone for my dad hope he likes it as much as I do.
Good buy
awesome product he bhai with lollipop 5.1
Good budget phone. And with 5.1. It rocks
very nice phone in the budget price range
Returned as something wrong with software
Excellent. Delivery before promised date.
very nice product, It's worth to purchase
Best phone but the battery is not so good
On time delivery and good product quality
good buy i found everything in this phone
Pretty good... fits pocket and then some!
Nice,cool but picture quality not so good
all over good but average camera quality.
I bought it but it hasn't internal memory
Good built.. Handy.. Great piece under 7k
I Just Love It.....Fully Satisfied.... :)
I can't able to keep my things privately,
Good fone in such a minimum price range..
Value for each penny ......satisfied alot
Best mobile in affordable price.. ..
Excellent Choice for budget range mobile.
Very Nice phone with good battery back-up
good phone...reasonable...junior nexus...
Nice device..worth this price... Best buy
this phone is very nice and good handling
Some problems but excellent in fis budget
Awesome phone complete package of utility
Battery lasts only for 4-5 hrs.and ......
Mobile also good but delivery is not good
Great fun and best of technology in hand.
Did not like the phone, not upto the mark
nice phone, but low battery support .....
this phone is simply awsum. super smooth.
Best phone for the price... Hands down :)
Good phone.camera is a bit disappointment
According my requirement it is fruitfull.
Its only availabel on amazon its to good.
A very handy smartphone for smart people!
Does not receiving Bluetooth files . help
Awesome phone.... chota bhai of MOTO G...
Good pH but battery back up is very poor.
The product is good. No issues until now!
A very nice mobile with this price range.
Camera quality in little dark not so good
Excellent delivery and phone is very good
nothing like anything.....go grab it!!!!!
Great product leading to value for money.
Very nice phone,I m thoroughly satisfied.
Great job.. delivery got on right time...
Extraordinary phone hatts off to micromax
A good sturdy phone at affordable price..
For the price and feature its good mobile
Its Ok, Not that Great. Limited and easy.
Great Phone and Prompt delivery by Amazon
Cellphone is facing few software problems
Good phone. Enjoying and easy to operate.
android One and micromax combo are deadly
It's price worthy mobile.... nice to have
Not so good. Wifi and bluetooth problem.
Cant use only one sim at a time if u wish
Excellent smartphone fast delivery thanks
Its a good cellphone looking to the cost.
Just loved the phone... Go for it guys...
Value for money. Outstanding performance.
Value for Money. Having a good features.
Superb features and have awesome speed...
Very nice design, excellent built quality
Its much much better than my expectation.
Working Very Fine , smoothly nice. thanks
excellent phone value for money must buy.
product was very good & delivered on time
Its a mini nexus with a 1700mah battery .
Got a defective item. Power button unlocks the phone, alright, but doesn't lock it when pressed again. Pressing and holding takes a screenshot! Pressing and holding the reduce volume button also takes a screenshot. Need to wait for the screen timeout to lock the phone after use. Very disappointed.
Good product. But mobile box is damaged.
working great !! need to upgrade battery
Purchased for my dad and it does the job
Nice Purchase Experience with Amazon.in.
wonderful performance . buy before think
good. but battery charge is is abyssimal
Good phone but sometimes stopped working
nice mobile. amazon service is excellent
This is very good smartphone I ever seen
Its an awesome mobile with such price...
nice phone... camera quality is exellent
Simply go for it.. Better than unite 2..
Camera quality good for this price range
Fantastic Product and very fast shipping
sim card not detecting plzz help........
very Important mobile..........for me...
i like the same within this price range.
its a great handset Just lyk Desi nexus.
this mobile is very fine technology wise
this phone is worth buying in this price
Best Android Phone for that Price!!! :-)
SD card slot in the mobile is very tight
nice and good looking for better quality
I find it very useful within this price.
what a smuth running moble. best mobile
Nice phone, has exceeded my expectation.
Add your delivery point at Lucknow also.
Awsome phone!!!! will update 15 days!!!!
Awesome performance. It is a cool phone.
with in 2 day deliverd.m happy with that
Is phone me 4gb internal memory nahi hai
excellent product. exactly as described.
Good phone for the price. Worth buying..
Good one. Thanks for launching this one.
Gr8 phone no issues worth every penny...
Awesome product.....slim and smooth.....
please don't dare to buy it is very poor
It is a good mobile in this price range.
its a value for money...Thanks Google...
good one just issue with battery back up
Awsm product in this price... Worth it..
Consignment sent without receivers name.
The manual may be more user friendly.
camera is not good. battery getting heat
Good buy satisfied with performance
Sold the device just the day I bought!!!
Good Pricing, Photos not much impressive
Great product from micromax and Google..
Canvas A1 better than sumsang cor mobile
Nice but price should be a bit less !!!!
Impressed with the product and quality !
Poor build quality and sluggish response
Great performance and worth to have it..
Very good product in this price segment.
I feel,at this moment its a good product
By Name it says A1.Really I am satisfied
Nice phone for normal use no lag nothing
best phone for the price tooo goood
Fantastic and smooth shopping experience
With my experience I am saying go for it
Value for money & it's worth every penny
Camera quality is good and sound is also
Its a worthy phone in this price segment
Gud phone with platform given by google.
It was a waste of money to buy this mobile claiming to have front camera. I am not able to use it for video calling. The camera also looks very very ordinary and poor. I could have purchased other mobile like samsung duos s 7582 which is hardly Rs 1000 or Moto E which have far better looks.
Well.... Don't update the phone version
Dint get cash back....for SB debit card
Im very much satisfied with this phone.
value for money......a A1 class product
Good phone but battery little not fine.
Working well i bought this for my uncle
Super item more &more offers realse it
all are ok, except loli pop upgradation
It is amazing. N best in this cost
Good one but with a unacceptable flaws.
One of the best mobile in a medium cost
Phone is value for money. Nice product.
Very nice phone except battery draining
very good phone must buy for casual use
very good phone in this budget too cool
Great ph interface good value for money
Amazing deal...best phone in this range
Good mobile... working perfectly fine..
Battery should to be higher capacity .
The phone is perfect in its price range
at cost of 6500 this is worth of money.
Everything is gud ...execpt the battery
simply superb...great value for money..
It really beautiful and helpful for me.
Product is good, but delivery made late
Its pretty good and love to use it.....
Good One, affordable, awesome clarity !
Good product and very careful delivery.
This product is near to my expectation.
good phone , worth for the money .....
Best phone in this category of pricing.
The phone was as per spec given in ad..
good phone less price one of d best : )
good phone within low range............
Good but not having good battery backup
it stopped working after 2 days of use.
Mobile is suparb with new kikat version
Great experience at this price.love it.
Good Product and Best Service By Seller
i like this mobile but it was overrated
display is good.camera quality is okay.
Drivers not available to connect to PC.
Great Price and good amazon service !!!
Good phone. Delivery as expected thanks
Great product and real value for money.
THIS MOBILE IS VERY GOOD AT THIS PRICE.
Nothing is better worth than this phone
i think this shul al;so not be given...
superb mobile under 105$ enjoying it...
It's best, except its battery backup...
Its a great product and value for money
Battery is too low for such application
Superb mobile at unbelievable price....
Very good build quality.. Nice display.
Poor voice quality, else superb handset
Excellent phone & full value for money!
Product is a value buy.It is excellant.
A very good phone considering the price
in future speaker quality to be improve
Gud...battery backup could be better...
Worth buying it within this price range
there should be a stylus along with it.
Best phone in this price range...!!!!!!
Good Buy giving good experience. Thanks
GOOD SET BUT SOUND QUALITY IS POOR.....
Amazing mobile at the price tag offered
Ok good but battery back up is not much
it's nice , but headphone is not nice..
Very good phone. Meets my requirements.
Very good phone with such a lower price
Good phone,amazone service is also good
It was my amazing experience choosing AMAZON.in for purchasing micromax canvasA1,Services provided by you were ultimate.I am satisfied for selecting AMAZON for shopping and will be glad to purchase from the same site in future. Thanx to you and your Team again.
Bought the phone with a lot of expectations but the performance is very poor. Especially battery is terrible. Can't even think of doing net and Calling simultaneously... Very very disappointing overall..camera quality is also very poor...I'll be more than happy to give it away...
Problem with WiFi, everytime disconnects. This is 7 th day. Problem started from the 1st day itself. This mobile is not for people who use WiFi regularly. u have to switch it off n on it in order to get connection back. Phone is smooth, no heating issue. I hope they fix it soon
Great phone at the given price. Feels like an expensive and strudy one. Camera has HDR which not available even in some expensive phones. Using since last two weeks but never hangs though has over 1300 contacts and over 200 sms threads. Great buy.. highly recommend . .
Good Deal. Happy with the transactions
The best phone for its price and value
Phone quite good. working as expected.
Good Gadget, I like and Love the price
Its working fine now.. No issue yet ..
I using the mobile it's really good...
Worth the money. Good product. Thanks!
Good for first time smart phone users.
Superb mobile with best configuration.
usb connector not mass storage support
ROCKING & PERFECT MOBILE IN THIS RANGE
Mother board problem after 4 months and phone given at Micromax care 25 days to get repaired
Hoping to get the Android L update....
Nice quality...and delivey was on time
It meet my all requirements. Nice one.
Superb phone packed with lots of stuff
Nice phone within budget. Go for it !!
It is a better mobile and easy to use.
Awesome Device in this Range ....
Value for Money and works beautifully,
Good Phone, as the price speaks itself
Very nice mobile, I'm using this phone
Best Phone cheap awesome for long term
tower problem not up to the marks
Its relay a good product at this cost.
Good product, wanna suggest to buy....
Awesome phone with such a low price !
very nice mobile with awesome features
Great phone but lack of accessories...
It has meet more than my expectation..
It'd good, expected time to reach me .
The best budget phone ever under 10k .
Great product except battery backup...
Phone is quite good and pretty in size
It is good product and worth for money
Its all features good Bt heating prblm
Nice phone , worth more than the value
Good phone...absolute value for money!
I would recommend it to others as well
Really nice device..!! Loving it.. 
Very ok bye good phone very good phone
Good product in affordable price range
Nice mobile .concern in bateri back up
Only heating problem..... NOTHING else
It's a really good phone at best price
Just awesome phone in this price tag..
It's the best product I ever seen. :-)
best economical smart phone.. love it!
Battery isn't as good as it has to be.
Excellent phone with unmatched price..
Very good features, worth to purchase.
All features are good except camera...
Nice Product and Services from Amazone
excellent product,Good valu for money.
The Best product. superrrrrrrrrrrrrrr
Good phone but the battery is pathetic
Its okay, battery is weak, rest all ok
Great product, delivery was very late.
Good functionary and reasonably priced
not working when connected to computer
Very nice phone, battery back up good.
very nice phone with this price range.
Nice phone an nice service by amazone.
CHARGER DEFECTIVE.NOT WORKING PROPERLY
4 stars because of back camera quality
Nice phone in budget ....liked it ....
Excellent mobile at such low price !!!
nice mobile set but battery wants more
It's very good mobile in cost of 6,499
Very very good peace and your services
OFFERS ARE NOT COMPLIED WITH TILL DATE
micromax canvas a1 is very good device
superb speed, nice phone in this range
Good performance but poor battery life
Product reached as per the commitment.
Nice mobile... Good deal with amazon..
Excellent one. Value for money.Thanks.
Nice experience....n feature as well..
good experience, a very god cell phone
Excellent. Value for money. Five Star.
Nice phone and it's worth for the cost
so far working good .... satisfied ...
Its cool..,nice features... Go for it.
This phone is very good I love it.....
Nice phone and nice delivery of amazon
Got the phone today afternoon and as I am a tech buff I did every possible try to take most out of the phone.So here my review goes I have got the phone with 52% juice I have tried to find out every possible problem described by any user I have found four problems(actually two as others can not take as problems by some users),The phones heats up with a small net usage and during the charging,the phone have a poor actually very poor camera it doesn't seems like 5MP and the 2MP is poor too,the phones back panel is of very cheap quality but looks like premium one ;-),then the battery life is very very poor it just ran only 3hrs of heavy usage.The Software is just excellent it have everything to get started(except the file manager),the screen brightness and colour depth is excellent,there is no lag in the UI at all it have free space of 2.1GB to install apps so no space problem.I did't faced any network related problems till now every thing is working fine and the both speakers are quite loud,I have tried the receiver in heavy traffic and its still great. Last of all those who want to buy it should go for it as it worth the money 6.5K. I don't know as if it a problem but I have a bit problem to put the USB into the phone as it seems very tight to put in so I have tried it very very carefully as I don't want to break my new phone.If anyone faced the same problem cant give his/her review. Thank You.
Not bad
Awesome phone at this price. Go ahead
better one and reasonable price
Its good as per the cost is concern .
Its great product in this low price.
Awesum phone@awesom price. Best buy.
Nice phone in looks n working awesome
Great phone. Complete value for money
It is a very good phone in its class.
SUPER BUT CHARGING DRAINS VERY FASTLY
Realy best phone in this price ......
Andriod1 mobile handset is veery good
Very very good phone at this price...
great delivery....phone working great
Arrived on time. Works as advertised.
mini iPhone by Google with Android OS
Awesome phone Camera is nice too
Excellent phone its working very fast
This is the rellay well in its class.
Very good product at reasonable price
Good phone with good prize value.....
Excellent phone with respect to price
Most useful thing and a latest camera
very good performance. value formoney
Very good, but improve battery backup
Excilent phone .... in best price ...
Phone is quite good, performing well.
Excellent mobile ! Worth every penny.
nice product and service as expected.
Very Good Phone with affordable price
its very good mobile this pricw range
Battery Back up is not upto the marc.
Overall its a good phone @ less price
Awesome phone in the price bracket...
Nice mobile while compare with moto-e
battery back is less else very good..
worthy product in minimal amount.....
Yes it is very good I got what I want
Fine and smooth...... no lagging ....
Good phone but look needs improvement
It's really awesome worth the money !
very very useful and exciting product
transfering contact is not easy task.
Plz give me a my return mobail amount
I'm happy So good.........
Good product.but battery backup less.
Its the best under ths price range...
cover not aveleble in market & online
Good product within this price range.
It is my one of the best smart phone.
This is a really nice product........
I am happy with my micromax canvas A1
nice to handle and more than expected
GOOD PRODUCT AT THIS RATE............
awesome phone low battery backup
nice decent phone ....value for money
Super model and works very fast. thks
Very good phone. Met my expectations.
Good phone...sdcard not accessible...
where can I find gallary in Canvas A1
Micromax Canvas A1 works wonderfully.
good hand set very good teach process
Very good handset at excellent price.
Ya good product except battery life..
I interested for value able service.
Best smartphone in low price price...
nice budget phone compare with moto E
Its an awesome phone at this price...
I am very satisfied with this product
Nice phone .... Go it earliest.......
Amazing ! Superb!just got it a few minutes ago. It was way more better than I thought.camera is a charm.flash is amazing.also the front camera surprised me.nothing better than this.definitely not lagging and apps are opening at lightning speed.best of the rest
Very very very worst product. .... it got delivered on Friday.... Saturday morning screen is not showing anything. i tried the switch off and switch .. but no result.... very very worst.... but it happen within 10 days.. so i can able to return to Amazon..
Hi, I got this mobile on 23rd Sep and unpacked with great excitement. Yes, the ver is Android 4.4.4 and awesome look. But the problem is there is a little budge around the cam but it's not a problem. Color density is great and better than Moto E.
nice mobile but battery not good....
Works well. Fully satisfied with it.
Excellent phone and value for money.
very good performance for that prize
Good phone with limited budget. Nice
Best mobile phone at cheap price....
Till now all iz well...I am happy :)
Very nice l like this amazonshopping
nice mobile working satisfactory....
nice useful low budget smart phone.
Decent phone at this price point..!!
its Good phone... for such low price
Liked this phone. Best in this Range
veryy good product for tat price....
amazing n lag free..!! loving it..!!
Ya it's good and super to play games
Only battery is an issue as on date.
Good one. Worth for the money spent.
very good mobile. everything is best
bought at 6500 and enjoying till now
Nice phone at a price being offered!
Nice phone @ this cost..worth buying
Amazing phone at an affordable price
Good phone, nice service from amazon
Nice experience but battery too weak
Very good home for a very good price
Worst phone..problem with battery...
Ok.. Value of the Money Best Phone..
VERY NICE SMART PHONE FOR UNDER 10 K
Really Good Product. I am loving it.
nice one all features with in budget
A good phone...bttr than any basics!
Nice mobile. I give five star rating
Very nice,satisfied with this mobile
Best phone at such a price...love it
Nice phone.... People must go for it
Good mobile. Happy with the purchase
Awesome phone,m loving this phone :)
Best phone in the price range.......
Jus the way to migrate to android!!!
good for first-time smartphone user!
It is bad experience in this mobile.
Useless product - wifi does not work
its fine mobile considering the rate
the products are good and genuine...
awosame phone and suprab speed!!!!!!
yes this very good porduct(fon) nice
Good, but battery backup is not good
Nothing could be best at this price.
Best product in this budget range...
Pahle aap Hame 10% discount to bhejo
Good phon and exelent amazon servece
Screen and camera is not as expected
Best in class. Sound quality average
Excellent phone for a day to day use
awesome....... budget smart phone...
It is very good mobile for that cost
Good product n timely delivery. Nice
Pretty good phone. A lot of features
It's a good phone for this price tag
Mobile is good one but it has no vid
Very good Phone at this price point.
Awesome phone.. Worth every penny...
Good experiemce of online purchasing
Excellent smart phone at this budget
its really a grt phone in less price
very good product at a very low cost
Great phone, totally worth of money.
Ya it is good,it is worth for money.
Wonderful phone for affordable price
Battery back up is poor in my mobile
Very nice and best phone under 6000.
nice phone at the lowest price range
This is the best phone in my life!!!
A great phone with great performance
Worthable product, and time delivery
Excellent 'value for money' product.
Good product, considering its price.
Good phone only draw back is weight.
Great product. Best Value for money
Superb!!! Keep working like this :-)
Amazing Product at such a low price.
All features are good in this mobile
I am totally happy with the product.
Its is working more than expected :)
Best smart phone at very lowest cost
Excellent phone at this price. .....
Excellent smart phone from micromax.
Very compact with advanced features.
superb phone Best in this range
Very Good Features at such low cost.
Awesome mobile for awesome price....
nice phone...but no gift from amozon
For the price range it is worth.For me there is a signal problem.The signal strength is not good.The same sim is working grate on other mobile. A product must be serve it's basic functionality. But in my case it is not.So i am giving 2 Star only.
Must buy this phone now with lolli.
No specific issues so far. Going on
NICE ONE , ALL IN ONE ON GOOD PRICE
Its battery life is very very less.
Great value, excellent performance.
Good phone, good service by Amazon.
Value for money product and service
good but google not giving updates!
it is very good i like it very much
Very good mobile for a low price...
Very good and budget friendly phone
Product as described, fast delivery
Excellent phone at this price range
Performance is as good as promised.
Great Product but little bit costly
The mobile A1 Very good . happy :-)
Nice phone with Smartphone starters
Good phone, Performance as expected
Genuine product from genuine place.
nice phone in this price. i love it
Value for money Android smart phone
Ossam mobile great deal android one
Great Budget Phone, prompt delivery
Reasonable phone with good features
Awesome phone at an awesome price!!
Brilliant phone for its price range
i still not receive any bonous gift
excellent Would like to order again
Peace is returned.starting problem.
Awesome mobile with great features.
Awesome phone in this price range..
I'm very satisfied with this phone.
Good and best phone of undaer 10000
NICE PHONE, AND GOOD BATTRY BACKUP.
simple totally worth for your money
Nice phone good phone from micromax
Good phone with reasonable price...
The set was defective and returned.
its absolutely good android mobile.
Nice 'canvas' for android platform.
Good one , Battery backup is less ,
Awesome phone everything works good
nice phone.. best service by amazon
i love it very nice mobile excelant
Deeply satisfied by its net utility
When black color will be available?
at this low budget this phone is ok
Very good but battery has less life
Osum phone...smooth performance..!!
as expected in this range Satisfied
Excellent & marvelous gadget.10/10.
Good phone...value for the money...
All the features at affordable cost
Good phone in price range, not bad.
It is ultimate phone in this price
Best device at the price. No con's.
very good smart phone from M!cromax
good mobile with optimized features
Only Battery discharged in one day.
I am Happy Customer with this phone
best low budget phone in the market
Faster Battery life can be improved
Great... Little battery problems...
Best phone in this price segment...
Not the best but good at this price
Screen Resolution is BAD part,,,,,,
It's worth w.r.t. money and mobile.
Beautiful and chief executive phone
Better than costly Samsung phone 
Younger brother of Google's Nexus 5
Expectations se Jayda Mila,Love it.
IT IS VERY GOOD I HAVE PURCHASED IT
good mobile and valuable for money
Very good and efficient smart phone
At this price its a best smartphone
excellent product. value for money.
Excellent phone on excellent price.
The Best thing I bought in my life.
Nice phone worth for the paid money
Hi, I have ordered this product on the "Deal of the Day" and it has additional promises did to me for this product. As Rs. 750/- Gift card and Rs. 2000/- coupons. Still I haven't received the same. Rahul
IN SHORTLY BATTERY CHARGE GOES DOWN. SOME OF SAVED APPLICATIONS ARE AUTOMATICALLY DELETED IN WIDGETS. 5MP CAMERA IS NOT BAD. SOME OF IMPROVEMENT NEED TO EXTRA SHORTCUTS IN PHONE BOOK AND MESSAGE. BUT, BETTER FOR THIS PRICE RANGE.
Micromax Canvas A1 is best buy me for ever in my budget . This phone is totally impres me . All features of canvas a1 is good . Touch is good , camera is ok , sound quality is nice ...........! Micromax Hats Off ...............
good product but i have mic issue.
Very nice phone, thanks to amazon.
its the best mobile from micromax.
Overall a gold phone at thia price
Awesome gadget,most efficient one.
It can be upgraded to 5.1 lollipop
Featured phone at affordable price
good phone in this price..........
super good mobile thnak you amazon
Nice phone at a very cheap price..
nice product and very useful to us
Excellent downloading speed...!!!!
Except battery everything is good.
Smoothly Use.All feature are good.
Worth phone for what it is priced.
good quality phone in this budget.
A great phone with value for money
Good mobile for this price segment
Awesome piece :) . Battery daemon.
Excellent device. Worth for money!
Amazing phone at this price point.
Phone is great at this price only.
Really its a gud phn thanks amazon
It is the best phone in this range
An excellent product for its cost.
Good one for 6500 but over heating
Superb phone at this price range .
Very good features at lower prices
Same price can fetch a better deal
PHONE IS QUITE GOOD AT THIS RANGE.
Excellent phone in this range.....
the best phone for the price range
Mobile so good for this price. Works well without any lag and all.
Delivered late otherwise its gud
Nice but bttry bckup is vry bad...
Pictures not very clear , blurred.
nice phone with lot of facilitiets
good product.**THANK U AMAZON.IN**
One of the bst mbl in android.....
Looking very good. Touch verygood.
Expect screen every thing is good.
Its getting hot every now and then
Battery backup is not satisfactory
Average phone Low bty backup.
Awesome phone... Better than lumia
In this price the phone is awesum.
perfect mobile.....except battery.
A very good product from micromax,
nice one according to its cost....
As per price and feat-re it is ok.
Great smart phone for the price...
it is too be comfortable to handle
Superb...prompt delivery by Amazon
Good features at really low price.
LOVELY EXPERIENCE WITH ANDROID ONE
It's cool. Good buy at low budget.
Its worth it according to the rate
For 6.5k you cannot ask for more!!
Dear friends, The phone is amazing
Nice phone with a killer pricing..
Decent phone for this price range.
its a good phone really mini nexus
Excellent with in its price range.
Awesome phone with wonderful specs
yet another nice phone by micromax
Fantastic phone..in amazing price.
could be still cheaper actually...
Awesome Phone with resonable price
Grt phone at that price ....... :)
file handling manager is not there
had problems with OS and speakers.
Awesome Phone!!!!! I just love it!
Nice phone many options and speed.
It is giving me great performance.
Sometime s the camera doesn't work
Best affordable stylish phone ever
very nice product in all aspects..
this phone is better than redmi 1s
Value for money. On time delivery.
Really its Too good & budget phone
Will cdma sim works on this phone?
Battery is week. Rest all is fine.
More or less fulfill expectatoins.
Good. No heating issues still now.
Amazing phone at this price range.
I had lot of expectations with micromax but it had dissappointed me. Battery is heating up very quickly when I browse or play a game, and battery gets out of power very soon within 3-4 hrs after getting it charged for 3 hrs. Very
I like this maicromax canvas A1+
Best phone for multitasking......
nice product and very fast mobile
Really good phone for this price.
Value for money and budget phone.
awesum fone.. just love it..
It is good but battery is weak,.,
Brilliant for the prize! :-)
Just waiting for android L update
Good phone but battery backup low
Good phone. Meet all expectations
amazing phone & budget cell phone
Good google phone for the price.
Its a good phone at this price...
fine product in this price range.
Awesome phone. No lag whatsoever.
great phone at such a great price
Nice phone how to install next os
satisfied by micromax android one
Phone is good But getting Heated.
Excellent phone in this price,,..
fully satisfied with the purchase
As good as expected..............
Best phone within this budget....
NO FILE MANAGER. I HAVE DOWNLOAD.
Its totally depend on memory card
Better than any other android pH.
Very good mobile with a low price
Good mobile in this price sagment
It's Simple and best budget phone
its really good at good price....
Super mobile I am enjoying it lot
No prob s at all working properly
very good super mobile. i am ok.
good value for money at this cost
Its Nice Mobile at cheapest price
...USB tethering not working.....
phone heated when we seeing phone
Its amazing phone an chhepar rate
nice budget phone. I am loving it
It did meet with my expectations.
Best android phone i had till now
Less Budget? Want Best? Go for it
A good buy considering the price.
This Mobile is best Smartphone...
ANDROID ONE SOFTWARE IS VERY GOOD
A very good budget smart phone !!
Battery Performance is very poor.
Amazing.... Product @ just 6500/-
battery is bad and get over heats
Good product and worth for money.
good cover but little bit costly
Value for money. Cute samrtphone.
Product is Good but battry is bad
Awesome phone at this price...gr8
good phone to use at nominal cost
awesome product than expectation.
Buying on amazon.in is a real fun
Nice mobile phone in small budget
Very nice good product in budgets
The best phone at best price.. :)
Performance s very good. So fast.
Good one.. Improve sound clarity.
Take some time to learn the phone
Excellent mobile.value for money.
Perfect Product on this price. :)
Excellent phone, worth for money.
Just a normal micromax phone.....
Good phone for new android users.
This is good product of low price
its screen guard gets much smudgy
GOOD PHONE AT ITS PRICE.WORTH IT!
Fully satisfied with this product
Gd fone with gd specification....
A very good phone. Must buy this.
worth spending....excellent phone
Awesome phone.... Jz gol fo it...
Having problems while connecting.
Wi-Fi doesn't work some times ...
This is phone is looks good to me
the phone is heat after long talk
I am facing problem with charging
really gud - my daughter is happy
Nice Mobile, best value for money
Very good product for this price.
very good phone in medium budget.
User interface is very bad (to switch off the 'data services'/internet). It is tough to find how and the slot for microSD is also not good. It still does not read my brand new micro SD card that i purchased from Amazon only.
Awesum
Hello friends,it's wonderful product in your limited budget.its awesome product with good processor& camera is above average. Battery capacity is the only concern for heavy users. I give overall four star.Just go for it.
Great Phone in this price range.
Super duper phone for its price!
Good quality at reasonable price
Bought for always up to date OS.
Great phone for such small price
This phone is amazingly fast....
Good product in reasonable price
Nice phone with affordable price
Nice phone . Very good to handle
Excellent ...... Value for Money
cool phone..!! android one rocks
Great smartphone value for money
Fairly good phone for the price.
giving very good service to me .
Nice product in good price range
Budget smartphone. Memory super.
very good mobile and very fast.
Great phone. Nice build quality.
Good phone!!! Value for money!!!
the phone is good for this price
Micromax canvas is better for me
A good mobile, can be purchased.
Really its amazing experience...
Great Phone as per description!!
Nice cellphone in small price...
Superb product by micromax......
Amazing phone! Baby nexus:*
Processor should be more faster.
Best.batty should last more time
There is no BUY option to select
awsome phone ........i liked it.
not at all better than android..
Chill phone.. Worth every penny.
Good waiting for lollipop update
good phone, good value for money
its working good nw............
Real desi NEXUS...its awesome...
Worth for the money that you pay
Battery performance was too poor
Good one with Excellent fit
Five star except for the battery
Good cell.all function available
Good,happy with the performance.
excellent product quick delivery
awsm phone in this price range .
Fine product ,very user friendly
Battery was dead from day one :(
decent performer at a good price
Loved the phone. Value for money
good phone. worth for the price.
Not so nice...but not so bad too
Excellent mobile and android OS.
Very good mobile for this price.
Everything super. I am satisfied
Satisfied with product & service
Timely Delivery... good product.
Good mobile .well performance to
Good stuff to start with android
It is a nice option for a budget
Good phone.............I like it
Superb phone nothing to say.....
Best Android for your needs.....
The phone is worth at its price.
Crashed within 15 days of buying
this is good phone on this price
Super good phone thankr micromax
battery back up not satisfactory
Its a good one, fast and stable.
Very Good Mobile in Budget price
For the price it is really super
excellent product in this range.
Excellent phone and. Good value
I am very happy with this phone.
Wonderful phone at this price!!!
As of now excellent performance.
Best phone for Rs.6500/- range.
Best phone at this price range !
Decent Good Phone for its Price.
Ultimate mobile with low cost...
Awesome phone with good feature.
Very nice handset in this price
Good product at this price band.
Absolute wonder at this price...
not very happy with the product.
it good product for chhep rate .
Nice Phone, Working Perfectly...
Micromax canvas 1 is really good
Absolutely Good Value for money!
Best android phone at this price
OK good. But battery is low mah.
Its asome,its fullfilled my need
Received product with scratches!
Android. Version. Of best phone
Best piece for the price offered
Good one; really value for money
this is nice phone in budget....
Good Phone and Android 1 is good
Worth price. Flip cover needed..
awesome fon in awesome price ...
NIce phone wirh a minimal price.
very nice product in this price.
Awesome product price and specs wise. Must buy.
Nice phone in very less amount.
Good one to use... Good product
When the OS updated to lollypop
Nice phone for a decent price..
It's not as good what I thought
Can't find better mobile in 6k.
Very good mobile in this price
Good phone at this price range.
camera quality is not the worth
Good phone price is little high
best phone in this price range.
Nyce phone for this amount....
Camera quality not upto d mark.
Very good phone for that price.
acha phone moto g in 6000
Superb one from amazon india...
Best phone ...working very good
its a nice phone in this budget
best product in low price.,.,.,
Best budget phone in the market
Best phone in this price range.
Its a a good phone by Micromax.
Nice mobile with minimum price.
WiFi function is little prablem
Nice mobile n very good working
One of d best handset i evr got
Nice product Micromax! like it!
Excellent user-friendly phone..
Best phone you can buy under 7k The best thing about is that this phone will always run on the latest android version.
Good product... value for money
Great experience at this price.
Its a good phone for this price
Mobile screen not gud or camera
Excellent mobile for the price.
It meets my requirements. Good.
Nice fone with affordable price
cost benefit ratio is very good
Great mobile in such low price.
Excellent mobile in this price.
This one is really good one....
awesome phone for awesome price
Nice to use,. Worth for d money
Very good mobile at this price.
Nice phone.....its budget phone
Average peice in average price.
Nexus like software performance
Phone is amazing.. Buy it now..
Value for money. Working great.
Nice one within the price range
This is oosome thanks to google
It is good phone in this price.
very android mobile, a fast one
Really worthful for this price.
excellent product at good price
Micromax notihing like anything
Nice phone ...but worth on cost
nice budget with more features.
In this price excellent product
best phone...low battery backup
Some cons but overall i like it
Very good phone worth for money
Awesome phone. Worth the price.
Pnone is super, value for money
This is a very good instrument.
Best phone in this price range!
Its good and worth for money...
Amazing phone. Value for money.
Delivery was ok.product is good
awesome phone in this budget :)
its fast, working amazingly. :)
Yes it did meet my expectations
Worth full phone in this price.
It is excellent for this price.
Nice phone. Handy & light also.
Good device, Worth the money ..
One of the best mobile and best
Product good , Service very bad
except battery life all is well
I am very much satisfied by it.
Best phone in this price range.
G8 phone for the price offered.
Good product. ..great price....
Good product with a good price.
It has proved beyond its worth.
Great product, value for money.
Only think about battery backup
Its a good buy,value for money.
Very satisfied with the product
All is good except bettary life
message sending gives problems.
Excellent phone with HD quality
nice phone but packing is wrost
For the price, very good piece.
There is some software problem.
The phone is best in its price.
Very nice and convenient to use
Dear Sir/madam, Within 10days im not able to hear the phone call. When I put in speaker only I can hear when I turn off the speaker voice doesn't comes Please suggest urgent Sandeep 9969112186
Good Service with good product
Good product in very low price
Nice phone at this price range
Little lag but value for money
very good mobile in low budget
Nice phone and worth for Money
Nice phone at affordable price
Best Price and Best in Quality
Great phone in dis price range
GOOD MOBILE ALL OPTION IN GOOD
Nice phone in this price range
Good one....value for money...
Very good meet my expectations
model is good and working well
VERY GOOD MOBILE IN THIS PRICE
This mobile phone is very good
Great Phone on available price
Amazing phone @ amazing price.
Touch and battery was not good
Good quality and fast delivery
Good one mobile set. I Like it
such a nice cell phone awesome
Best phone in this price range
Simply superb! +1 to the idea.
Good phone in reasonable price
Nice phone at affordable price
Phone heating very frequently.
Very good phone on this price
one of the best budget phones!
very good mobile for the cost.
Excellent phone at that price.
good product and delivery time
Exlente delivery I love Amazon
very good mobile at this price
Nice product and great deal...
Call Voice not clear some time
Awesome phone in this range...
I am satisfied with amazon.in.
Good phone in the given price.
Great Mobile @ great price....
i got what i expected in time.
Nice product for correct price
Comfortable fit to the Mobile.
Very very poor battery backup.
Gud bt batry nt gud..i giv 4/5
good product.... on this price
the product was a damaged one.
Excellent phone at this price.
It meet beyond my expectations
Very good phone on this price.
a good phone in this range....
GOOD PIECE AT AFFORDABLE PRICE
As expected....worth for money
Its good but can be better....
feels as if we are using Nexus
This mobile good for this cost
Nice mobile within your budget
very nice model suits my needs
Nyc product, Nyc price...
Awesome phone awesome config's
Cute ! Very good performance !
Good Phone at affordable price
Great phone within great price
very nice moblie. cheap & best
Awesome in this price range...
its very good in economy price
good...........for this prize.
Camera is the only weak thing.
Superb piece in low price.....
Best experience too gud mobile
Its a very nice sleek hand set
Sexy phone at this price range
battry back up is toooooo poor
Marvelous phone for 6500 bucks
Its great value for money..!!!
Gooooood phone value for money
android one..naam hi kaafi hai
Quick service and good product
Perfect product in best price.
Best phone in this price range
VERY GOOD GADGET IN LESS MONEY
Amazing mini nexus............
Nice phone at affordable price
Nice Mobile. in such low cost.
its a good phone on its budget
Best one can get in 6500/-....
Nice product. Worth its price.
Didn't get coupons woth Rs2000
Amazing mobile at this price..
Working very good. I am happy.
Superb, real value for money!!
This was very good experience.
good , need more power backup.
Awesome phone worth the amount
Good, cheap, value for money !
This is a smart economy phone.
Worth for money. lovin it
ntng 2 say exept heated up...
A great must have budget phone
NICE MOBILE FOR THE PRICE!!!!!
its a good phone for this rate
good product but late delivery
Excellent phone. Worth buying.
not meeting the expectations..
Excellent mobile in this range
Everything fine except camera,
Its best device for tis rate..
quite satisfactory performance
AWsome product awsome delovery
its awesome product..go for it
excellent phone at this price.
awesome mobile... I like it...
yet i have used it for only half a day....but can say nice product....its as per expected...no defect or issue faced yet....overall nice service of amazon.in and good product in this price range
Awsm phn...every thing is lyk nexus5 ..amazon delivery is very nice.from past 10 hrs I m using it no hanging nothing. I lyk this phone.under 10k its nice one.better than redmi1s...go for it
excellent service and product
Very good phone at this price
Great smartphone in low price
Good Mobile, Great experience
Its best phone for this cost.
good phone very useful to you
Best smartphone for start up.
nice mobile with all features
Nice product with good price.
Excellent mobile at this cost
Good phone in this price tag.
Very bad mobile. Poor battery
Nice Device with High Speed !
NOT FOR WORTH OF MONEY ITS OK
good smart phone basic price.
Awesome product from micromax
Good one for reasonable price
Very good phone for the price
very very good and fast phone
Low cost but high performance
Gud phone.. value for money..
best phone at this price ....
Awesome phone with this price
Good product, timely delivery
very much worth for itz price
Good product. Prompt delivery
Love the phone!! go for it !!
Good phone....worth the money
This worth its amount......Gd
exellent phone cheepeast rate
This is very believable sites
Excellent and cost effective.
Excellent phone on this price
Not too gud its average phone
Excellent Phone at this price
product with value for money.
Good Service and good prodict
Big blast in a small packet..
This is a good phone at this price.
Good Product, Value for Money
Good phone but battery is low
Awsome mobile at thids range.
Very good phone except camera
Worth it in this price range.
awesome phone in such a price
A very good phone at low cost
Awesone gaget value fir money
Best phone by micromax......!
Best phone in best price yet.
VARY NICE & EASY HANDY MOBILE
What a mobile. I like thisone
Nice phone value for the item
amazing value for money phone
smart phone as smart as it is
So far so good, learning more
Hmmm going all r8 thr with A1
Best performance in its range
Good Mobile. Very Handy.
very good phone in this price
Nice phone, my sis love it :)
Value for Money experienced !
Good phone..value for money..
Very Good Phone. Paisa Wasool
ya amazing phone works fine.
good product, amazon..amazing
Best mobile....thanks amazon.
Good mobile no problem at all
very fine and good loking mob
awesome phone in amazing site
AWesome MOBile LOVE IT.....:)
Great phone and budget phone.
Good product at a great price
Does it support video calling
nice phone, features are good
Good phone except the battery
Excellent phone at this price
Excellent phone for the price
Good Mobile at this price tag
Good Phone with good features
build quality is not good....
best smartphone in cheap rate
Best phone in the price range
Battery Exhausted so rapidly.
best than i expected.........
V good. Use as modem not good
Not a good phone don't buy it
good product, prompt delivery
Its' value for money product.
Its a good entry level phone.
Excellent phone in this price
nice one with reasonable cost
It meets all my expectations.
decent phone for its price...
AmaIng phone for the price...
Not as per expectation but OK
I loved it. Good smart phone.
Amazing phone for the money !
Very nice at this price range
Not working with loop network
Canvas a1 gr8 with chep price
Nice phone form micromax ....
Good option!! Value for money
Very Good phone. Good camera. Good battery backup. Good looks. Smooth touch screen. Good colours. Really impressed keeping the price and performance in view.
WHERE IS MY MY SHOPPING WOUCHER RS2000
Phone is extreamly good. UI is flawless and very fast. Only drawback may be Camera, but at this price range, u may not get better camera than this, Amazon delivered it very fast.
If you wish to buy a nexus series phone or tablet and do not have a budget to spend so much, then please go for it. It is indeed a great budget phones that we have from the options available at the moment. Only few issues which I have faced, which I believe to be either due to the apps used or the OS i.e. kitkat 1. If you have opened an app and it is loading..at the same time if you receive a call, the phone rings and you can only see the app which is loading instead of the caller details as we usually see. Also, you cannot operate the navigation keys as these gets locked/hanged. Request to Google to fix this bug. 2. I have downloaded an app for listening to the music. The fun part is when you receive a call and you have put on your handsfree, and you pick up the call you would listen both i.e. the caller as well as music in a small volume playing in the background. Apart from these 2 issues I have still not encountered any issue. If I do face, would append it. Thanks to Google for this. Amazon, please improve your service... I had asked for 1 day delivery and also paid for it. I did not get the phone in a day and as well I had to followup with the customer service 4 times to remind them about the delivery. As promised by Amazon, I am still waiting for the coupons and the gift card. Hope I receive the same ASAP.
Micromax Canvas A1 is a beautiful phone with stock Google with surprisingly great performance with no lags. Verdict: 1. The screen is an IPS panel with 4.5 inch 240 ppi gives a great viewing experience when compared to phones at this pricing segment and its pretty responsive. The manufacturers must have provided Oleophobic coating on the screen as the screen is a fingerprint magnet. 2. The battery life is pretty decent in overall usage and lasts long a day with Single SIM and on normal usage. But for Dual SIM it becomes a little hefty. 3. The graphics performance its absolutely stunning as this device supports high end games with full graphics in game settings as similar other devices under this price bracket does not and its surprising really. 4. The call quality is surprisingly excellent as we don't know what Google has done to it. 5. The Camera its good in overall but for low light photography it needs a little improvement. Pretty good with the front camera also. In video recording its not full HD but you will get the joy of recording. 6. The biggest advantage is that this device transfers almost all app data to SD card with ease giving space in its internal memory. 7. The WiFi and 3G speeds are surprisingly awesome on this device as web browsing is pretty fast as there are no lags when browsing on different browsers and even opens heavy websites with ease. 8. Compared to other Android One devices the Micromax Canvas A1 looks and build quality are great, congratulations to Micromax for a pretty good work. The Canvas A1 with Serene White is a beautiful phone with great plastic quality. 9. There are no heating issues unless you play games for a longer time on this device. 10. The problem with the device is that it can have a better battery life like 2100 mAh but its pretty decent as it lasts a day long on normal usage. Overall: The Micromax Canvas A1 with Android One is a perfect device with pretty decent specs at this pricing bracket when compared to other high end devices with huge pricing does not give this performance. There is no lag on this mobile. The overall phone rating is 8/10 in my opinion.
First of all I think Amazon has some kind of grudge on me, two purchases in two mounts and both of them defective. Great going Amazon keep it up. This phone turned out to be a damp squib. I placed the order on 5/10, I was show a delivery date of 7/10 before order and once I placed the order I received a date of 10/10, I don't know what do people call this. Fortunately I received the package on 8/10 evening. I didn't use it the same day as I didn't have micro sim, I got my sims cut next day and one of the sim was not detectable and after a struggle of an hour or so the phone started detecting both the sims. I installed few apps and they ran smooth, but while calling I noticed that my Facebook contacts were not there in my phone contact even though I had sync the Facebook account with phone. All other accounts sync with phone except Facebook that was frustrating. I called Micromax call center, it didn't connect for a long time after about 20 attempts I got lucky and someone answered, I explained him the problem and guess what? He didn't know what sync meant, he asked me to update software, when I asked which one he had no clue. Then he gave me a number saying that it was his technical team and they would help me. I called the no, for no surprise the number was non existent. I called call center again they held my call for 20 minutes (it's not toll free, I was charged 50 bugs) with a massage all along "Your call is important to us, someone will attend you shortly". After 20 minutes I didn't have enough patience to continue the call so I hang up. Then I called Amazon, they asked me to visit Micromax service center which is 10 km away from my place, somehow I reached there at 4:30 PM and they said they stopped issuing token as it is closing time (closing time 7 PM) and their server was down (in fact it was not). After some argument they issued me a token, I waited for some half an our for my turn and during this time I heard around 10 people saying that they would never buy MM again in their life. I reached the counter and explained the problem, no surprise, again they didn't under stand the problem. They argued with me that it was showing cancel sync in the menu so the account is sync. I explained them that it was not, shown them the google account sync menu and reluctantly they agreed. But they didn't know what to do so they factory reset the phone and asked me to check. I started downloading Facebook it was taking long time, I thought that net was slow as it was 2G so I told them that I would check it at home with wifi. For my surprise no app was installing on phone, I felt like like I was shifted from frying pan to fire. Advice to all those who are considering to buy this phone "Buy it at your own peril".
Best mobile phone in the price range and being the first off the blocks as far as Android 1 is concerned, has the early first movers advantages - in terms of latest technology, os platform, price point, features, free updates and other add ons etc... processor could have been more advanced and much more faster, touch screen is smooth feel, display resolution is good, front camera also works fine. seriously said, only problem seen is with the speaker set at the back, it is a big let down as it mars the ringtone volume performance... you really don't get to hear a good audible ringtone... no matter how much you try setting a loud audio ringtone. Its a worry actually, the low output ringtone when camera lies on any flat surface, if mobile is placed face down then you get to hear the a proper ring. An easy to place in your palm handset, the back cover could have been much more solid. All in all, if you leave out the little glitch in terms of speaker volume, the mobile phone is a good buy in the start up range, and if you are buying your first smart phone or looking for a budget buy. Review by Javeed Aanver
I like it so much good phone
Nice look...good performance
in this price it is not good
not good not bad worth money
Superb phone is really smart
Some times device was hanged
One of the best budget phone
battery performance is poor.
Canvas A1 is very nice phone
Very good product..go for it
Gud smartphone at this price
I really like this phone....
NICE PRODUCT, VALUE OF MONEY
Flexible with the handset...
Nice phone and thanks amazon
Amazing mobile. Touch is osm
Super. It's easy to handle .
Good Product at Budget Price
Nice phone in this range..:)
this cell is awsome!!!!!!!!!
received with good condition
great product nd gud packing
this is a very good mobile .
Nice phone and friendly user
One word "AWESOME"
THE BEST PIECE AT THIS PRICE
good but battery backup poor
Nice Phone at This Price :-)
very good phone!paisa vasool
Awesome phone at this price.
mini google nexus phone,,,,,
Great Phone at this Price...
video calling is not there ?
Good one in this price range
It's best phone in its range
best smartphone in low range
Its a great buy for 6.5 k ..
Well packaged and well made.
i Received faulty Mobile :-)
Good one at this price range
its a very good budget phone
nice delivary and good phone
awesome phone @awesome price
A very good affordable phone
Amazing phone at this price!
Good one in this price range
Good Product for Money spent
Good product thank to google
it is handy to use.very good
guys,i bought this phone only for the official updates.but google fooled us all.this update will probably never come.you can buy xiaomi redmi 1s which is much better than this.
nice set in this price range
Good phone. Value for money.
Fine. Sound is somewhat low.
all good but battery problem
Good product and love Amazon
Best phone in this budget...
Till date best cell in world
Good buy at reasonable price
Is it support video calling?
good mobile with all in one.
Superb Phone in such Price..
On this price bracket its ok
How to activate Airtel Offer
good phone under this budget
Value for money....very good
flash of camera is not good.
How yo make 3g video calling
Good phone. Value for money.
Great product at good price.
a nice scheme for this price
good product not as expected
i like it against the price
not as expected ............
Enough to justify it's cost.
no one can beat this 'one' !
Nice Phone & Amazon Delivery
Very happy to choose this a1
Vry good phone in this price
good phone in economic price
Best handset Value for money
Good phone with nice packing
Great to have android one:))
Awesome mobile at low price.
One of the best product !!!!
fine and smooth in operation
Great phone for the price...
Lite weight mobile real good
very poor quality of battery
Good battery is not good....
really i like it.its so good
nice mobile thank u micromax
not too good neither too bad
Mobile is working very good.
Very nice phone @ this price
More features with low price
Awesome phone in this range.
Good Buy. Value for Money !!
It a good phone at this rate
Great phone at budget price.
Good phone for the price....
Smart phone for smart people
at this price excellent buy.
excellent value for money !!
5 mp Camera quality not good
awesome phone for this price
Excellent Phone By Google!!!
Nice phone. Value for money.
My 3g network not working properly also I am unable to connect it with my pc.I have complaint to amazon and also micromax .but I couldn't get any help. Please tell me what to do.
Battery back should be improve.
VERY VERY GOOD AND ORIGINAL
A very good product for me.
Awesum product of dat value
IT IS A AWESOME PIECE FRNDS
good mobile for good price.
very good quality this item
Good product at right price
A nice phone at this price.
Nice phone under low budget
nice product for this price
Good Mobile in Cheap price.
वVery good service & Mobile
Its budget phone ,excellent
Super phone. no complaints!
BATTERY BACKUP IS VERY POOR
Best phone under this price
Wonderful compact equipment
Nice one. Good budget phone
nice product. working well.
Superb Deal Wit Superb Fone
Great phone for great price
Great phone for good price.
VERY NICE PHONE @ ITS PRICE
nice one.....for this price
good delivered on time
battery backup is very poor
Nice Mobile for Gaming Also
Battery Backup is not good.
Useless product. Don't buy.
nice mobile...........great
Good phone in this price...
Value for Money good choice
Good mobile for this price.
Good but camera not so good
It restarts automatically .
NICE PHONE I HAVE EVER SEEN
Battery need to be improved
Awesome phone at this price
In Rs 6499 it is good phone
Utterly Bullshit! Don't buy
Good phone in this category
Nice phone...Worth buying..
Good Phone in a less budget
Excellent budget smartphone
No option for video calling
good product.camera is good
It is really nice mobile...
extremely good budget phone
good service angood produt.
Good Product from micromax.
Good ph in this price range
Good phone, timely delivery
Nice phone Best camera
I am Satisfied with Product
Great Phone for this price.
Good rather value for money
Camera quality is very poor
Loved it, such a nice phone
Super mobile this work fine
nice phone. value for money
Excellent Budget Phone...!!
Nice phone in this budget..
Excellent phone and service
Good..mobile working fine..
late but it's ok coz diwali
best phone in this price...
Good phone, value for money
best product at this price!
nyc phone with nyc Features
according to our requirment
Cool and absolutely No Lags
It is up to my expectations
Overall performance is good
Good phone for this price .
Superb phone in a low price
Good phone as per the price
Good Product by micromax...
nice look. slim. best price
Very nice phone. Go for it.
Its good as per expectation
Good Mobile within Budget..
This phone is value worthy.
The best android experience
3rd class Smartphone ever..
This phone very good.I have
nice phone in this segment.
good features for the cost.
It's good. Value for money.
Great phone...for the price
It's k mobile nothing else.
Great product in its class,
nice phone, working awesome
Low battery back up Too bad
value for money. Good buy!!
a good smartphone for 6500.
Good phone and good display
i love it,very good mobile.
Good to Have this Phone....
Good Features in low budget
Gr8 phone...m happy with it
Very good phone. I love it.
Excellent & Prompt service.
Nice set @ affordable price
Awesome phone for the price
Good phone in good price :)
Good phone, fast Desi phone
Nice Mobile. Cheap and best
Worth mobile at this prize.
I like it as my expectation
Good phone with right price
I have placed order Micromax Canvas A1 (Magnetic Black) in 23 September and it was delivered by 26 September. I have faith on google and Micromax so I ordered this product and surprised about 2 yr software update. Now i am describe my horrible experience. Today 14 oct suddenly my loudspeaker was not working and immediately I have visited my nearest Micromax service center and they told your phone speaker was damaged and we have to replace this speaker. It was taking time near about 10-15 days because of new handset and parts was not available. My bad luck was after 11 oct no longer eligible for return and today is 14 oct. Please imagine my situation. Now i have to arrange a old phone for work and after giving the service center we have to wait 10-15 days, In service center I have seen that lot of new micromax phone have same problem and all people are really very disappointed. This is my First and Probably Last buy of cheap Micomax phone.
Google play store does not work on WiFi. It keeps giving error 489. Works on 3G but does not work on wifi. We checked various online forums for solution but none of the solutions work.
We recently bought this phone is wonderful and much better than the Karbonn and Spice phone! dont think just go for it. here is a detailed review if you would like to check out the features etc [...]
Bought this phone only for net surfing but net works slow irrespective of a 3G connection. Going forward will only buy branded products when it comes to electronics.
Good piece, Very nice look and very good to carry in journey and every where because of light weight and running smoothly. Overall very good gadget. ANKIT
Phone works smoothly ,good entry level mobile and i think better than s duos ...but camera is disappointment.price should be under 6000 ..thanks amazon and micromax
just five days and display went blank early morning. Pulled out the battery and the phone booted. Open *any* app and display goes blank. Finally had to do a factory reset and now its back to normal... Dont know for how long .. bought this phone because the touch screen of lumia 520 was broken.. So back to square one ? the back cover might come off on a slight provocation.. the mechanism to secure the external flash is not of great quality. It doesnt even snap into the place properly. So if you tend to drop your phone (which I did with my 520), the back cover may come off , battery will go in once direction and your sd card elsewhere... so pls be careful.. I bought a protective cover prevent this.. I wish the volume could be controlled from locked screen.. The phone is other wise value for money (i.e if you dont mind losing data when you need it the most)
Hi..I brought this mobile from this side....but i want to change this as battary for mobile is not workinh proprly.....so can you please arrange to replace this..
The phone is hanging at the time of calling. phone consuming too much battery on display without using live wallpaper. Battery capacity is too much low.
I ordered this phone a week ago.. And got it delivered within just 2 days... The phone was working perfectly fine till now... after using the phone for a week or so i have realised there are a few major defects in the phone... The first nd the major defect is with the power on/off button... it worked fine for me for 4-5 days but now its not responding only...how many ever times i press the power button..but its of no use it does not respond.....i dint expect this from micromax... i pls suggest everyone who is going to buy this phone pls think about it once again.. not at al worth buyin.... Even the camera quality is bad....the phone gets heated up very soon.. there are many lags..while watching any videos.. it wil work properly for a first few days...but den after a week you will get to know all its problems.. This is the reason i have requested for a return... nd hope amazon will do it for me..
I have been a Samsung Galaxy Star (S5282) user.Ever since the Micromax canvas A1 was launched I wanted to own it.After waiting for and reading the many user reviews, I decided to go for it.To begin with my experience with Amazon (this was my first order) and its partners SBI (10% cashback) and FedEx (Courier) was pathetic. But the customer care was very responsive and now I am quite pleased.Yet I feel they have miles to go if they want to compete with Flipkart.Amazon should take this as an honest and positive feedback. Now lets go back to the product. The first impression was WOW !!! It was realy a smart smartphone.So many power packed features and yet such a low price.I am not a technical guy so cant comment much about it.When I compare with my old Samsung Galaxy star, this Android one was miles ahead in the user experience. But as its said happyness does not last long.Upon receiving the package I updated and istalled all the apps.I have my wifi and so it was as smooth as it could get.The next morning all the trouble started. After installing a few apps , suddenly I started getting this weired error message "update for chrome/youtube/google/subway surfer etc, could not be downloaded due to an error.(489)." any app that I try to update or download it will give me the error. I searched in Google about the error and followed all the troubleshooting steps mentioned there like,removing the google account,clearing the data and cache fron google playstore and google services,restart,factory setup,hard set,everything and yet the problem will not resolve. I also reset my wifi and changed its password and reinstalled my wifi yet of no help. Then I went back to my Samsung..and what I see..everythingis just fine with samsung and no issues.Which led me to conclude that there is something wrong with this set.I wanted to give only star to the product but becuse I loved it so much at first sight that I am giving 2 stars. If any of you who is reading this review and have faced this issue let me know if you could solve it and how. By the way I have asked Amazon to pick it up and I will buy this again.I wanted a replacement but Amazon does not have a replacement system in place.I feel I was unlucky to have received a faulty system. I am hoping for the best.
Good choice for starters..
Satisfactory as per price.
Good mobile at this price.
Very good compare to price
Nice Phone in small budget
good quality fast delivery
Please dont buy this phone
Just awesome, nothing else
It is a good phone to have
So happy with this product
NYC phone touch is awesome
Good in its price range...
Good Budgetary Product :-)
nice product and shipment.
best product at good price
Best mobile deal in amazon
Great product fr Micromax.
nice but the price is high
Nice and easily accessible
BATTERY DISCHARGE SPEEDLY
Battery Backup is not good
Nice phone with less price
Cheap price in best mobile
Best smartphone @6000-7000
battery back up not good..
Vety good. I am satisfied.
Thank you, very nice phone
Amazing phone by Micromax.
It's very good. I love it.
Worthwhile and economical.
Good product at best price
good product for the price
Best Mobile for this price
Bluetooth does not working
Good android mobile phone.
vary nice mobile & feature
Good product. Great seller
Battery Backup is not good
Met all requirement.. Good
Good Phone for given price
Good one...just go for it.
Awsmm mobile in this price
OK WE LIKE THIS PHONE
Nice cellphone....loved it
i liked it ...working well
Battery back up is too low
Good phone i loved it.....
Best phone under 10K...!!!
Its beyond my expectations
loved it super performance
Best phone in this price.
Right choice in my budget.
Nice for a budget phone !!
Good mobile at this price.
Superb. ...it's awesome. .
It is good value for money
Nice phone technology wise
Till Now It;s Good....!!!!
Superb Phone. I never seen
Great phone for the price.
Not up to my expectations.
Good phone at this price..
Good cellphone. Liked it.
Battery backup is very low
Value for money product...
Amazing phone in low price
Good looking,fast and slim
Its good Clarity good
Battery back up huge minus
Nice phone, iam satisfied.
Very poor battery back up!
Nice phone in good budget.
Good product at this price
EXCELLENT PHONE LOW PRICE
battery not upto the mark,
good product from micromax
Good one. Value for money.
Good phone middle class...
Good Phone for this price.
Amazing product by Amazon.
This is a excellent Mobile
Best phone for 6500 rupees
It get heated up very fast
Good job by delivery boys.
A gud one from micromax...
good product and good cell
No delivery! Full mess up!
Good mobile at this price.
Best device i ever used :)
It worth of money best buy
Handy one. worth for money
Superb phone at this price
More than value for money.
it is low budget good fone
Great value for the price.
Best mobile at great price
Best product from micromax
Good to have in its range.
Its a steal in this price.
Low budget more advantage.
a nice phone in this range
very good mobile go for it
The phone is nothing as it looks in these HD pictures. It is bulky, larger than necessary, looks cheap and as soon as you take it out of the box, fingerprints are all over the back cover. The camera ring is certainly not the best feature. Camera quality as expected is poor. The only good thing about the hardware is quad core processor and 1GB RAM which make it fast. But that is where all the goodness ends. Even after being stock Android, Play Store stopped working the first day. And each following day I have discovered a new bug. Tethering works only occasionally. The messaging App crashes as I try to delete messages. The speaker volume is low. I would only recommend someone to buy this phone if they want to install and play just a couple of low graphic games. It cannot handle more. Even making a call is a tough task given the low speaker volume!
itz good for such a price
nice mobile at this price
Awesome phone and service
Awsome phone in low cost.
Best phone for this price
Best mobile in this range
Good phone at this price.
Waiting for OS 5 upgrade!
fantastic value for money
Value for Money. Nice One
not satisfied with camera
Satisfied with this phone
Good phone at great price
Good phone for the price!
This cell is awesommmmmme
osum product !!! must buy
Good phone on this price,
Excellent value for money
best mobile of this range
Nice phone in lower range
best mobile at this price
Awesome Phone at 6k range
Its fulfil my expectation
Battery life is very low.
Mobile phone is very bast
Better choice than moto e
Not get 2000 &500 coupon
Good at this price range.
good mobile at this price
it is worth for the price
battery not run long time and you can enter the the 2 sim and phone are not operate
really its awesome phn ..
Really nice mobile phone.
Nice Worth to Money Phone
best phone at least price
Nice phone in this budget
The Best at this low cost
Best delivered in 4 days
This phone is super phone
Internet browsing is fast
battery backup average...
Its best phone at 6000 rs
Good Phone as per price..
i havnt got my assignment
Nice phone for this price
Excellent Value For Money
Nice phone for good price
Its indeed a best deal...
Good Mobile in this range
Good phone in less price.
Awsm phn in low budget...
Android one...Good one...
Good phone in low budget.
Phone is good. Good work.
I am Satisfied with Phone
Superb Phone at this cost
Good Phone in low budget.
Good phone at this price.
Best mobile in best prize
Superb, great,great,great
The best in the budget in
Super pic yar amazon Best
This mobile is excellent.
Great phone at this price
The product is very Good.
good one from micro max..
Nice touch I liked it....
Got the product.. awesome
Low Price & Best Feature.
The phone works awesome!!
Like features an look....
Worth buying this mobile.
Good software experience.
Nice and Handy/attractive
Good product good service
to cool with all the app.
Excellent value for money
Good phone at this range.
Good phone in this budget
great phone in this range
OFFICAL GRAND MASTI PHONE
Best for the price range.
GOOD PRODUCT AT GOOD RATE
Good mobile at this price
Good phone in this budget
Nice an smarter an faster
Good buy for the price !!
nice phone cheap and best
In this price good mobile
Very Good net speed.....
good phone at this price.
Its superb thanks amazon!
BEST PHONE AT THIS PRICE.
Handset gets hot quickly.
Mast phone all company to
GOOD SET VALUE FOR MONEY.
Phone is value for money.... But Amazon is cheating us by showing offer as you will get free Amazon shopping coupons but don’t provide it in actual.
well after 3 to four days,i am Anirban(deb's brother)writing this review,,,in one line DESI NEXUS .. good.1.awesome smooth gaming,SPECIALLY BROWSING,calling,operating...and more mediatek-mali combination ..!bingo!! , 2.both camera are good infact really decent at this price range!!! 3.lollipop upgradation very easy and swift.. 4.looks like a15-18000 phone bad.1.does not comes with a mere file manager..u hv 2 download..well that is forgivable its android one google dependent 2.battery consumption fast cause screen display being too glosy and reflective it uses heavy battery power..but comes wi8 only1700 mili amp 3.back cover.usb,charger and headphone are of too low quality.. 4.did not understand keeping a bold big black portion at the bottom!!no utility cause all virtual bottons are in screen.
This mobile is bit laggy when compared with Unite 2 on Asphalt 8 game. Since this comes with stock version of android, it does not have some common applications (for ex sound recorder), doesn't have many features in most of the apps (for ex camera doesn't have iso settings ). Look wise, this mobile is awesome and provides good performance on low end apps without issues Received a defective product first. Returned it and ordered another piece of the same. Still waiting to receive the same. The Amazon Courier Service is worst of all other services. They don't call us upon delivery and they change our shipment status as 'Additional Address Details Required' or 'Delivery Attempted' without even making a call . We need to regularly monitor the status and call customer care often to make sure the shipment is delivered on time.
Like this worth of Money
as a average not special
Very good for this price
good phone in low budget
Nice product and service
This is a lovely handset
best phone at this price
Best phone in its budget
very gd mobile this rang
Best phone at this price
Wonderful experience....
Nice mobile as expected.
satisfied with the phone
Best phone in this price
Nice Phone @ this Price.
Nice phone in low price.
Nice with this price tag
best phone money can buy
But battery power is low
Good phone at low price.
Very good featured phone
Its cool n smooth to use
Good phone for the price
Meet the expectation....
Outstanding performance.
Better in this category.
Very Nice. User friendly
Battery life is pathetic After 6 months of use, my phone started giving problems... will restart automatically. Since yesterday morning phone is restarting continues , was not able to boot O/S. Took to service center and they informed that they have to send it to Delhi for repair and it will take 25 to 30 days. (Faulty - Motherboard), As usual very poor and pathetic Micromax Customer service center. I would have gone for MOTO E for the same price, but thought micromax is an Indian company and will give a try.... Dear Micromax if you are not improving the quality of your service center, you will loose your business and that day is not too far.... wait and see GUYS BETTER GO FOR MOTO E 2nd GENERATION FOR THE SAME PRICE
I love it .. Its awesome
Best phone in this price
Nice Phone in this range
Battery backup very poor
Good phone in good value
For this price excellent
Best budget phone ever!!
Good phone for my budget
Not happy with d product
good deal in just rs6499
Good Phone at this price
Good value for money....
Best phone in this range
Good phone in this price
The product is very good
Nice but battery too bad
Satisfied with Micro A1.
it was not upto the mark
Good product and service
Happy.. delivery in time
Good phone at this price
Good phone at this cost.
Good one...enoye with A1
Your service is awesome,
This is a real good buy.
worth the money spent...
Its wonderful experience
nice one, more features.
really best in all feild
Lock key is not working.
Nice phone, m satisfied.
value for money.........
good product,nice mobile
Good device in budget...
Nice mobile working good
Best phone in this range
Best in this price range
Best mobile in the world
good phone in low price.
SUCKS...... :-( :-( ....
Good one, relly loved it
nice phone in low budget
NICE PHONE AT THIS PRICE
It is awesome very nice.
Good phone in low budget
Not upto the expectation
.....Just Awesome.......
Nice phone at this price
nice and light-weighted.
Its best phone in budget
best phone at this price
best phone in this range
Good choice, worth price
Voice is slow/not clier.
Best in the category....
Very nice phone.........
Best phone under 15000/-
value for money mobile..
Good phone for its price
Lovely I Love this Phone
just amazng mob. go 4 it
very good phone iam like
Exilent Phone i ever use
Good one except battery.
good one in budget phone
In 6500 it's a good deal
Best phone at best price
NICE PHONE IN THIS PRICE
Amazing value for money.
Best phone in this range
Good Phone in this price
Every thing is good except battery back up....will not last more than 4 hrs if mobile data is on.....! and play store download is very slow...!
1. The battery takes very long time to charge. 2. the battery discharges very fast. 3.the battery gets heated up within 15 mts of charge.
I was using Micromax A177 just before A1. When I logged in A1 with my google account almost all the apps that were there in the A177 were automatically installed in A1. :) Although I have installed quite a few apps, I have not come across any memory problem as yet. After having installed auto-off app for data/wifi, the battery gives more than 30 hours with a reasonable usage (I dont play games or watch videos). All seems ok with the A1 except that the signal indicator is hardly ever at the maximum. In fact, quite often it shows the indicator only on one bar. Hence, the internet connection is also affected. Besides, when A1 is made a hotspot, the connectivity with other devices is lost after a few minutes. I have to disable and then enable the hotspot to work on other devices. Any solution Amazon? Micromax?
I already had moto E & I bought this phone for my friend. I only went with this phone with a hope of camera, which had auto focus. But it disappointed me, it is not so good as expected. Also in comparison of moto E only thing is good is the screen size. Touch in moto E is far better due to gorilla glass, its fun surfing around. My recommendation if screen size doesn't matter & camera not so important, better go with moto E, since battery life is more then 1.5 to 2 days. The best thing about moto E is, it has never lag or hanged even once. Infact I faced bit lagging & hanging few times with my redmi 1s. At three places Android one has failed, camera, battery & gorilla glass 3. Otherwise it could have been a winner. Other great option is nokia 620. You pay 2500 more but it's value for money. In comparison with moto E, it wins in camera.
The wifi of the phone keeps getting disconnected. Even tried with other wifis.now I need to waste my time roaming for micromax service centre!
Nice
Best mobile in low cost
Kudos to you. Amazon.in
Gud one for cheap byers
good looking and handy.
Good budget smart phone
Got the defected piece.
Android version is good
Worth for its Price....
In low cost, it's good.
simply worth buy.....:)
Good one. Working fine.
REALLY AWESOME .. :) ;)
Awesome piece and price
Very nice performance..
Worst battery backup...
Awesome phone by google
Battery backup not good
This phone is superb :)
Best smartphone ever...
best phone in the world
It was very bed product
battery back up is poor
Worth for the amount...
Nice phone from google.
courier service is good
Nice phone, got on time
best phone in low range
Good in performance....
It is nice phone 4 star
Thanks... great product
IT IS HANGING SOME TIME
it is good budget phone
nic mobile thx 2 amazon
good one for tbis price
best deal under 10000/-
I did not got my cupans
Its too good, I love it
This is good mobile....
worth for the price. :)
its simply nice mobile
NOT VERY USER FRIENDLY.
Poor camera and battery
price worth cell phone.
its ok... not much good
camera quality not good
Nice and very good rate
Amazing phone I love it
Economy and good mobile
Nice phone in budget...
best mobile by micromax
Meetsy my expectations.
Good budget phone....,.
Battery can be 2700 mah
It is nice mobile......
Its OK value for money.
Good Phone, really fast
Because of all features
Excellent in low budget
really excellent mobile
Good phone on low price
Worth purchasing it. :)
great phone. go for it.
Value for money Product
As per my expectations.
Very good phone to use,
it is a wonderful phone
Excellent for the price
Android A1.... Number 1
Really worth a penny...
Nice budgeted phone....
It is value for money .
Awesome phone go for it
item delivered well....
worth every penny of it
Relay I Like This Phone
Good smart featured set
10% cashback good offer
Good phone to have.....
Low Cost with nice look
Very good mobile!!!!!!!
It is aswome that's all
Quite handy, excellent.
Nexus 5 for the masses.
it is the best in 6.5 k
best mobile at this price.. 1 gb ram is superb.. android 4.4 with regular updates this nic with 5 mp camera makes the phone so good
No words just awesome.... good camera ...especially the front cam is amazing....no lag i feel that i am using a phone worth rs 10000 all functions are going smoothly can move the app to sd card ,, i already downloaded more that 15 app no problem ...fine only smooth touch .... ips display .... only con is that want little more battery power ... getting 1.5 day charge .. (if using internet ) good browsing speed ... download also, see a review earlier that have issue with net ... but no problem i am using BSNL is fine.... and airtel, Vodafone idea all working smoothly checked it already .. good gaming experience sound OK... but can improve using last 5 days... my opinion ... go for it no problem
Got it for a good deal
this phone was awesome
Not very user friendly
low price... best rate
awesome in classssssss
Not support 3G network
good service provider
not so much impressive
very poor battery life
its awesome phone.....
battery backup is poor
amazing mobile........
awesome budget android
Canvas A1 is good fone
Great product..love it
Great Economical Phone
Good product low price
Auto-focus not working
good specs, yet simple
Best phone at low cost
this phone is very bed
Yes, I had what i need
good one to start with
Waiting for lollipop .
Good one - recommended
Excellent. OK product
Amazing and superb phn
It is value for money.
nice mobile i loved it
BUT RECIEVED VERY LATE
every time its hanging
thanks for the sd card
Beauty and performance
Nice One with offers..
Best budget smartphone
Best one.....go for it
super and best quality
Very good performance.
nice@ this price range
Great value for money.
It is working awesome.
Worth phone in 6500/-.
Above my expectations.
its a very good phone,
till now its very good
best smart phone......
It's very nice indeed.
Good phone from google
It is simply wonderful
Happy with the package
Good smart phone ::)))
The best budget phone.
Plz provide back cover
Superb in small pocket
Good 1 except camera..
Nothing great about it
everything is good !!!
It is a good hand set.
Very very nice product
Best phone at low cost
Excellent Smart Phone.
simply superb se uper.
Excellent in low price
Really good for money.
It's really a kool one
NYC...awesome phn..!!!
Blue tooth not working
In this price,its good
Best mobile in android
very good budget phone
as of now working gud,
Good one at best price
Nice phone.worth money
Happy with the product
Good value for money..
Nice phn in best price
Met expectations.. (y)
nice and awesome phone
It is worth the price.
Battery backup is poor
Great value for money.
Best one from micromax
micromax canavas a1 when it was arivving iwas excited.but i did not noticed that it was micro sim. but it is awseme and for airtel users we can download anything from google free for six months. after getting it live is awseme.
Camera quality ...is zero ... And hang manytime while multitasking Nd screen quality is not good its like nokia 3315
Good mobile at thebudget of 6500. More over you are getting the cash back offers from HDFC Bank. Recieved it in 3 days after the order is placed. Pros: - Good Camera Good Resoluton/colors Reasonably good Build quality 8GB free SD card with the phone. Cons: - Touch is little sluggish, Audio is not very great Screen protector given alon with the phone is not great Improvements suggested - Head phones could have been better. Microphone volume can be little better Better to order the phone with flip cover/back cover as you will not get this outsie any where since this phone is not yet released to open market just getting sold in Amazon it self.
I have purchased micromax canvas a1 yestrday.My play store does not work.downloading does not continuesly.plz give solution.
This phone is looking slim, but when a call is received the voice is low if we press the back cover. This must be rectified.
i bought with passion, but dissappointed as the WIFI software was not working as expected and hence had to return the mobile
Android one is more than my expectations, office to document and flicker free net are my prime needs ,others as specified.
With in just 13 days of purchase I found the piece is defaulted and now neither micromax nor amazone look after the issue.
Well . Every thing is fine with the service and Amazon service exceptionally good. The thing is the product has some compatibility issues with google playstore on few Wifi networks and it did not work with my Wifi also. Wifi connects well and every other thing works well except it can not download from playstore. My wifi is on Bsnl.I checked on Micromax rewiews now and lot of people has this issue and this is not resolved. So this mobile is not tested well on Wifi for google playstore networks. Hope micromax works on it. Well .. thats why I am not satisfied with thid product. The seller is excellent and its great that product is going to be returned. Keep up the excellent service Amazon. Its a great marketplace.
It doesn't Have Basic Features Like File Manager, Gallery, Voice Recorder, etc. which has to be in built in Phone memory.
Its not a review but just an information.. Coupen codes will be e-mailed to your email id s.. So dont worry about that..
My Amazon.in Order 402-4384901-3312348 AMAZON Android Phone, I had ordered this phone last week and received within four days. Friday i started using it and found the phone has a problem. It reboots automatically and most of the time. Happened 5 to 6 times in a half day. Battery was fully charged and unplugged from Charges since last 8 hours still battery indicator was showing on battery since last 2 hours. Another problem is even if the phone is locked we are able to perform the shutter down operation of notification Bar... I have cut my SIM card and i am not able to use it in my old phone this is not good. Even though Amazon has accepted for refund. i m not happy with the product.
Speed can be improve.
Good phone no problem
Below average product
best phone best price
Fast delivery like it
Good with price match
So good Amazon 5stars
memory storage is low
It's an amazing phone
Wow wonderful product
its worth at the cost
Good and handy to use
Very Nice Phone .....
Very nice handy phone
bluetooth not working
once it was hanged up
I love this phone. :)
good product to buy..
Very good mobile.....
Great value for money
Its ok for the price.
does it have warranty
Good budget phone....
Itne rate me its wow.
Good ontime delivery.
best budget phone....
LIKE THE NAME AMAZING
Delivered Right Time.
Good to use , no lag
Value for money phone
value for money phone
Very good performance
Good one . go for it.
it lags a bit but nyc
Very nice phone......
Good Value for money!
Best in it's segment.
Not upto expectations
Not upto expectations
It's good .also super
Nice & Superb Quality
The best mobile phone
Great Value for Money
Very Good phone .....
Fantastic phone wow..
Awsome phone from MM,
Reched on time....gud
Wonderful experience.
very worthy for money
excellent performance
Worth oneee for price
good value for money.
Good One as expected.
limited apps.........
fantastic smart phone
Nice Mobile Hand set.
Paisa wasool.Awesome.
Worth of its price...
Value for money phone
Met the expectations.
heat problem is heavy
never buy this phone.
Its very good product
Very Good Performance
Amazing performance !
this mobile is awsome
Android one..good one
Good and smooth phone
More than expected :D
Really nice and cheap
value for money phone
GOOG MOBILE LOW PRICE
More than expectation
Great phone I like it
well in minimum cost.
its very good device,
worth every penny ^.^
A wealthy possession
Very good as expected
Good configuration...
i just simply love it
deserve worth buying.
Good Value for Money.
great set worth money
Nice met expectations
GREAT UNDER 10000....
Great value for money
very good smart phone
true value for money!
Super performance ...
hi guys pls go for it
Very poor. Battery too weak Camera low quality images. Very complicated settings for camera. Behind design of phone looks cheap(behind camera lens) Over all not satisfied, not worth money. I bought my phone in October 2014 and now the battery is gone. I use it very rarely just for internet, not more than an hour. No voice calls are made and even then the phone goes off and doesn't start until I recharge the battery. Even after a full charge battery it goes off. The worst phone i ever used and worst battery ever seen. It is not worth money. My phone which is 3 year old (Nokia) lasts for 2 days after a full battery recharge. Never ever make the mistake of buying this phone.
I purchased this micromax canvas a1 at cost of 6499/-, still no cash back received nor any free coupons as promised in detail. Moreover the phone has so many limitations as compared to Micromax Unite 2 in the same price range. Micromax canvas a1 has poor camera as compared to A106, there is no search option available when we go into contacts through dialer, there is no multiple delete option available in contacts. In gallery there is no folder-wise view available for camera, facebook, whatsapp pics etc. Internet connectivity is also very poor. never promote this phone to anyone. Instead of buying Micromax Canvas A1 please go for Micromax Unite 2, a very good phone in same price range.
This product is a s*** wastage of money and time. Within 1 week of purchase it started with bundle of problems. The manufacturer has supplied the product with 1.Faulty Battery (getting too hot) 2.The phone is taking too long time to charge. 3. The memory card supplied does not work. 4. The phone hangs and application does not work. 5. The phone becomes too hot. 6. Bluetooth doesnot work too. On sending phone to repairing centre people doesnot listen to the problem The give phone back with the same problem. No one receives call at the customer relations. The company is a big cheater, Dont waste your money time and energy in this s*** product.
i think its better then red mi 1s which has heating problem
Unacceptable. I had bought thinking that it has an active Dual Sim ( means if one SIM is on the call then i should get a notification if call is made on the other SIM). But it is not so. I had bought based on the statement mentioned in your specs. Please see below "Both the SIM cards remain active at all times so that you never miss an important call." This is cheating, Why do you have to claim if the product cannot deliver????
A very good product.
Awesome smart phone.
Best phone for money
Waiting for L update
best mobile under 8k
best ph in this cost
Good value for money
Good. Prompt service
Greate for the price
Nice worth for money
Phone is perfect....
Fine for this budget
very excellent phone
Colour not satisfied
Awesome budget phone
just buy it.........
low battery duration
It's Nice Mobile....
Good mobile for 6.5k
Good One with budget
It's worth the cost.
nice phone under 10k
Good delivery 5 star
An excellent product
Amazing as expected.
Met my expectations.
I like it nice phone
Overall Good package
No download via Wifi
Very good high speed
nice phone in budget
simple but admirable
superb, fully loaded
So far so very good!
Good value for money
Superb product......
Good value for money
The word is amazing.
good value for money
Nothing better in budget google rocks. After update it's more cool...
It is really amazing
paisa wasool product
good for its price..
Great experience....
worst camera quality
mast phone hai ekdum
excellent ,I like it
Its 100% satisfying.
Best one by Micromax
Great smartphone ...
All things are good.
Good value for money
Battery is very week
it's good and trendy
no long term utility
perfect budget phone
Great android phone,
No gallery in phone
Good value for money
Its very good phone.
Nice mobile so speed
Battery life is less
Its value for money.
best value for money
Awesome budget phone
Poor battery back up
as per my expecttion
Value for the price!
battery is very poor
Best phone in budget
I liked it very much
nice and light phone
Nice phone under 6.5
Working as expected.
Looks nice and cool.
Gr8 ph at this price
Nice..worth to buy..
Good phone .best buy
All expectations met
Simply awesome phone
every thing is gud , but speakers are not clear and noicee.... voice calls are hesitating ears for long calls
it is nice phone, smoothly working, many features are in this phone. thanks for amazon and Micromax Canvas As
Had bought this product for its awesome specs at low prices. The smartphone was good all the functions are great. The only problem my device had was that it could not receive network coverage from any mobile network provider even in open spaces near the mobile tower and was practically useless as a phone. The defect might have been with my device only but I would strongly suggest you to not buy this device as the service center people are arrogant and are not interested in helping the customers at all. Thankfully AMAZON took the return and processed it in time.Great service by Amazon. AVOID AT ALL COSTS......GO FOR OTHER ANDROID ONE devices
I have purchased this mobile from amazon i got this in 8-9 days . I am using this mobile since last three days it's owesom mobile in this price range i would like tell you one bye one of its goodness . 1 . 1 gb ram in this price range 2. 2.1 gb for app storage that you can install many apps at a time. 4. Camera is real 5 mp and 2 mp front. 5. Good looking. 6 . fast working no leg even i have palyed most of big games in this mobile. One thing is that the bettary is good not very good backup if your mobile is 50% than it can work 3-4 hour.., I think in this price range you should go for canvas a1
The mobile have plenty of issues .still I have not used 100% ..Signal problem for 3G only one sim shows full signal..and 2nd slot not showing showing full signal..what I hate this mobile its getting heat quickly like Chinese phone..good enough to cook rice and curry...so anybody give me suggestion how to get stop the heat of the mobile...any apps is there ..let me know?...and another thing.. Battery drains very quickly....need atleast 3 to 5 hours to charge this mobile...Still its not the best mobile...As I say...Micromax has cheated the customers ..saying that the mobile is indian brand as its truly poor quality Chinese make....
Phone s very good. But few drawbacks. Less options in notification toggles. No setting to manage. No proper widgets. Selecting sim cards for call or SMS is good for someone who use it for professional use. It should be option for both sims like Samsung phones. Mainly there s no back cover or flip cover for this mobile in any market. Back has matt finish. It s getting dirty easily. Pros: awesome mobile in this range. Avg battery back up. Performance is very good. Screen quality is far better than other micromax mobiles. If ur budget is 6 -7000 go for it.
Number of common features it doesn't have like 1.) if you are on aux in your car by putting off the aux, this mobile will automatically be on speaker mode. 2.) There is no option to send any contact through normal sms. 3.) No enter option while typing a message in normal sms mode 4.) having facility of power off button to cut the phone call but it should be on double click as if your screen is off and u want to check sms or wts app or any other detail on your phone then you will have to use power off button but by single clicking it will disconnect your phone call. 5.) No storage icon etc..........
Thanks I got mobile and its looks amazing but I did not get 2000/- gift vouchers. How do I get that one?
Amazing so niceeeee
Internal memory low
very good product .
very nice and good.
good budget handset
worth for the money
very good cellphone
its very nice phone
Best mobile with 3G
just love the phone
Very excellent item
meet my expectation
Working as expected
Expected products .
pretty good phone..
nice mobile..cheers
poor battery backup
everything is great
Not worth for money
Best budget mobile.
Not good not bad...
Very awasome phone.
a very good product
photo clarity bad..
totally worth it !!
Worth its Money!!!!
Worth for the money
full fil the demand
did't get cash back
It's a good phone..
Good one in budget.
it's a nice handset
Bad battery back up
So far working well
Nice experience....
Very good.....!!!!!
Battary is not good
Arrived as expected
Very bad product...
Hmmm seems too good
working fine so far
worth for the price
i like very much A1
Good experience....
I like this product
ITS AN AWESOME SET.
Great budget phone!
Its a good product
Phone is very good.
Not bad in now days
Good phone worth it
Battery not so good
value for money....
Its good..no issues
Love this mobile...
Vry nice experience
Good phone must buy
Battery is not good
More than expected!
not enabled with 3G
very good and nicee
Really a nice phone
best in least price
CDMA is not working
BEST IN THIS PRICE.
Value for money...!
So far so good !!!!
Nice as expected ..
Good budget phone..
An excellent phone.
Awesome experience.
Awesome phone......
Gud phone within 7k
Nice & cute product
Almost good till nw
Value for money :-)
Good one andoit one
Worth for the money
Good & working fine
Great Phone to have
Value for money....
This is good mobile
Value for money....
The product is good
Nice phone must buy
Battery back up low
Fine Mobile to use.
very bad perfomence
Poor battery backup
Good phone for 6.5k
Very Much satisfied
Really Good mobile.
Good phone under 7K
got it today. i will not go into the specs , a good phone overall, feels quite comfortable in hand. display even lower resolution is quite good.\ haven't still tested any games but the phone runs very smoothly. battery life is good and can last almost a day on normal usage. doesn't come preloaded with many unwanted apps which is good. camera quality is above average and clicks some great photos in good light. doesn't actually feel like a micromax(no offense to micromax)... so if you are thinking about buying it and your luck is great(you get a piece with no defects) then go for it..
When i got this phone im very exited.After i was faced network issu on both 3G & 2G.later i thought this is problem of using cut micro sim.then i visited airtel store to collect new micro sim .there is also the i faced same problem.after i contact the airtel customer care,they said your phone does not support 3g.im shocked when they said like that.then contact the micromax helpline they said there is no problem network problem in your phone,might network issu on your area.then i traveled other place to conform it.then visited micromax service centre they we give DOA,you have to return this phone. Then i returned it.
No complaints with amazon service. As fast as only amazon can be. Received phone even before due date. Thank you Amazson.Very difficult to convert missed calls to contact details. does not upload or download information/photos from phone to my computer(lenova desktop). operation is not user friendly as nokia. sending/receiving mail is difficult. The googles symbol keeps popping allover the screen. Bluetooth does not connect to other phones like sony, nokia etc.. OVERALL NOT GOOD FOR INTERNET UPLOAD/DOWNLOAD. USB given as part of phone is practically of no use. GOOD AS SHOWPIECE FOR SMARTPHONE!!!!!
All r fine but I didn't receive my free gift coupens of rs.2000 till now as per promise
Very good and smart phone in this budget. Eye catcher look. Micromax and Goole HV done great job.
but i cant receive below offer 1) Free Coupons worth Rs.2000 on Watches, Shoes & more
Good for its price
Good for this rate
i loved this phone
Features were good
Totaly satisfied..
Nice tuch&features
good one..........
this phone is good
good for the price
As per description
its very very good
This phone is good
Good choice it was
Just Good. Not Bad
Best for its price
Good for the price
fine and fundastic
Pure android phone
Super budget phone
Poor built quality
Very nice phone...
touch not working.
Very good phone .
Damn good phone's!
sound is very poor
Its really good...
Good to rough use.
Best at this price
Nice budget phone.
Nice Phone hai yar
Working beautiful.
Simply excellent..
Totally satisfied.
Good at that price
phone is very nice
Very good ..loving
A budget smartfone
cool for the price
Just Refreshing...
It's a nice phone.
awesome mobile....
its work very nice
Good budget phone.
Best phone forever
Good for the price
smart phone starer
good as per price.
It nice smartphone
Excellent.. Device
bad battery backup
bad battery backup
It is good product
Good for its price
Really good phone.
I Love Android One
NICE PHONE. THANX.
Nice basic phone .
Good response time
I like this cell..
Worth for money:-)
Good android phone
best cell evr seen
weldone nice phone
Good budget phone.
Good at this price
NIce phone. lyk it
It is a good phone
Mobile isvery best
Met my expectation
it is a good phone
Best phone under7k
I like the product
Touch is very poor
Very good gazzet..
Best at its price.
Gud to Go for it..
Felt fine with it.
Phone is very good
Good mobile to use
It is a good piece
Happy Bhbhide
SOUND IS VERY SLOW
Its a good phone..
Awesome smartphone
Good budget phone.
very good product.
Worths every rupee
missing cover flap
It's a good phone.
Fine good & smart
Value of the money
wonderfull product
Phone is excellent
less pay best gain
Its an good mobile
Excellent product.
PHONE IS VERY GOOD
Excellent phone...
No lags whatsoever
cool smart awesome
Hi.. I am using this super phone for 2days... Initially as told by somebody, I also had issue while connecting to PC... Not recognized by PC... It is just due to multiple insertion of charger or USB cable, to port , a small amount of smudge or dust deposited... Just clean your port and connecting cables with firm smooth brush... Issue resolves... Service centre fellow reset my phone to factory settings, which didn't fix issue. Then I tried this cleaning... It fixed my issue... My rating ...5 for this excellent phone... Thanks Micromax, google and amazon...
I bought this phone only one month back and just after 3 weeks I am unable to use this phone. The phone frequently switches off and on automatically . I went to the Micromax service centre and guy returned me phone assuring that he rectified the problem and got my signature on the papers without giving any copy of the same. The moment I reached home the phone started behaving the same way and now I am unable to use this phone at all. This has been frustrating and very disappointing purchase in terms of the product and the service after sales as well.
The delivery was on time, i opted for d 2 day delivery n it jst rchd in time. As I opend d box n started the mobile it was a fantastic experience the touch, speed, storage were awsome. Just cant belive such a perfect product for such a low price. the camera quality is gud n can used for all normal usage (anyone who wana do professional photography should by a camera on amazon n nt a mobile) flash is upto mark. Overall its a superb phone at this price range for further technical details do watch igyaan unboxing of Micromax Canvas A1 on You tube.
Very good product
Very good product
no battery backup
very good prodect
Nice mobile phone
very fine product
it is ok product.
very good product
good and reliable
Most satisfactory
Nice performance.
excellent product
Good worth buying
Excellent Quality
Excellent Product
its working great
good budget phone
it's damage piece
touch is not good
Awesome Phone !!!
moving fast,good.
Unbeatable mobile
Loved this phone.
very good product
Nice mobile phone
Excellent handset
awsm mobile......
Worth every rupee
Excellent Quality
Excellent product
Excellent phone..
Excellent product
Goood for android
Great Job, Thanks
Awesome Mobile :)
Good budget phone
Not user friendly
Feel heatup issue
Very good mobile.
very good product
Was not satisfied
really nice phone
Excellent sevice.
Reasonably good..
Excellent Product
Overall satisfied
Value for money
It's a nice phone
Really good one..
Value of money..,
Awesome phone !!!
good phone.......
Excellent Product
phone is OKAY !!!
Value for money!!
very good product
No cover is there
NICE ............
very Good product
Value for money !
its a good mobile
I am satisfaction
Excellent service
excellent Quality
Very good product
3rd class product
Excellent product
Perfect..........
Nice moblie .....
good to the price
Nice but not good
i bought this phone the same month it was launched, ie , september, i had my doubts about using micromax , but i thought of giving it a try.but to my surprise , this phone was amazing, and it had all the features a smart phone would have. it didnt hang and the battery life worked just fine. until one day, ie, last week, the screen suddenly froze. i thought of restarting, but even the power button wouldnt work. i thought of taking out the battery and switching it on , but to my dismay it didnt switch on. i took it to the service centre and they told me that the hardware had crashed and it'll take them a good 20-25 days !! HORRIBLE SERVICE ! EXTREMELY DISAPPOINTED WITH THE PHONE !!
good budget phone
Best fluid. Phone
best in this rate
good in this rate
EXCELLENT MOBILE
its a grate phone
NIce .... Awesome
Everything is OK.
Value for money!!
Great product....
value for money..
Very good product
good performance.
Fabulous phone a1
paisa wsool phone
Worth every penny
Excellent phone .
Value for money..
so far no problem
Very Good product
amzing product...its my 2nd one...loved it much
How to redeem the 6month free download for 6 months.? No mention anywhere! Phone is good
This is not the phone actually which I have expected.there are no inbuilt apps like file manager, gallery or music player which are basic. The price is not satisfactoring towards the service of mobile. The battery life is worst, it's not connecting through USB to PC. It's only charging through it. One must read my review for this phone. The Amazon people delivered me the order late by 3 days whereas it was garranteed delivery. They dispatched me coupons but where and how I can redeem it haven't given like which brands will accept it etc.
this is not MATTE screen guard its clear screen guard.....please dont buy it.... -__-
Bakwas phone hai. Camra 5mp ke naam pe VGA quality de raha hai. Bina memory card photo videos shoot nahi kar sakte. File app. hai inbuiled nahi hai, download karne par bhi SD card show nahi karta hai. Internal memory 4GB nahi balki 2.27GB hi hai. Bluetooth se kuchh share nahi hota. Video nahi chalta. Video chalane ke liye khud app download karna padega. Battery percentage show nahi karta. Kaam ka koi bhi app preloaded nahi hai. FB tak bhi download karna padega. Lene se pahle 10 baar soch lena mai to pachhta raha hun lekar.
good phone, light weight and nice picture quality. worth the money. thank you Amazon
Great heandset.. With Android One Program as this phn is manufacture under Google project.. The plus point of this mobile phone is you wikl get the latest Android OS and will be upgraded to the later versions as soon as the platforms are releaseds.. Soo guys Android L is coming.. Go for it, very low cost and pocket friendly phn..
This is the second one, everyone in the family likes this phone for its features and usability, value android phone for your money, we might go for a third one !
good phone nicely software
Nice looking and good mobile in small budget.
Value for money phone with simple features and functions! But don't go for it if you are expecting quick updates as this may come as a huge disappointment!!
Like it...but don't upgrade to lollipop if not required.
Good phone in this price range. build is OK and function better.
good
Buy it.........No Comments
I love this product but how can i update phone? and how would i watch free YOUTUB using Airtel sim? to which this product made for... Plz help me regarding this kind of problem for getting 5 out of 5
I am using since 15 days, everything is working fine but gallery, file manager and direct video calling facility not available. In this price range its very goooood.
excellent phone, worth every penny.
Micromax best phone at best price. So is this Micromax Androids one phone. This phone is full of all smart phones feature at very good price.
Nice phone.. No lagging between application... The sound is good.
value for money!
Nice one like it
Worst phone ever
Value for money.
very good mobile
Worth buying....
My wife loves it
Its a good phone
awesome.........
very good piece.
Very good phone.
Worth the price.
product was good
Great cell phone
very good mobile
Perfect product!
Value for money.
Value for money.
Very good mobile
just awesome !!!
Excellent mobile
met exceptations
great phone.....
Wonderful mobile
its a good phone
amazing phone...
Some times hange
Worth the price!
Awesome mobile..
Good performance
Worth the price!
Value for money.
Phone works good
awsum phone.....
very good mobile
Very good phone.
Product is good.
very good mobile
i love his body.
value for money.
Very good mobile
my work is fast
this is nice one
Fantastic Phone!
Nice cell phone.
Awsome is enough
very good mobile
Value for money.
Very nice mobile
Nice performance
Awsome mobile...
It is good phone
Exellent product
Excellent mobile
Product is Good.
Excellent phone.
mangatha phone..
Very smart phone
Excellent Mobile
worth for money!
Very Good mobile
Awsome product!!
Very good phone.
I like very much
very nice mobile
superbest.......
working awesome.
Worth the money!
Its working good
Very good phone.
very good mobile
Value for money.
Good performance
nice.. phone....
Very good phone.
Not a good phone
I like very much
Very nice.future
Excellent phone.
decent product..
good phone great
Excelent Product
VERY GOOD IN USE
Working smoothly
Awesome handset.
Its many problem
It is a good one
betray life bad
very nice mobile
Nice product....
Nice 8 out of 10
Cooooool...phone
Exlent no 1phone
Very bad mobile.
Product is. Good
Excellent Phone.
good smart phone
Phone is perfect
SIMPLE & AWESOME
Its fantastic...
Value for money.
gud one.........
Superb mobile...
it is good phone
very nice mobile
Awesome mobile..
Excellent Phone!
worth for buying
Very good phone.
I simply love it
Value for money.
avg mobile phone
Worst ever experience! Micromax isa big time unreliable brand, Ordered Canvas A1 and faced problems while connecting the handset to WiFi and when got connected, couldn't download a single application from Google play store. It was throwing some error 495. Even after trying multiple times, same problem kept occurring. Finally had to return the product. Amazon, you need to refrain yourself from selling Micromax products, or else you'll lose our trust on you. Super bad! Hope to get my refund asap.
I bought micromax android one from Amazon during Diwali to gift my dad. Within 1 week problems started appearing. It's touch screen is not as sensitive and good as other micromax phones like doodle. Earphone speakers (used during call) has stopped working. Only option left is to put the phone on speaker and then talk. Return policy of 10 days has already passed because phone was in the box for first 10 days. And problems started when dad started using it. Bad experience.
All I can say is, this device looks awesome on paper. In reality it is such a disappointment. I am writing this review from the perceptive of a normal user not of a product tester. My only intention is to intimate my findings to prospective buyers hoping that it will be helpful to them. I am using this product for 10 days and it gives me one hell of a headache. To much hang is the main issue of this phone. i want to replace this product ASAP
This Handset is a nice try by Micromax but hasnt been able to handle the program well,... this Handset lacks basic features like.. File manager to start with... You have to download the same from Playstore to see your files... Also the camera quality is pathetic.. This handset has heating issues.. the temprature goes upto 60 degree for CPU.. and is very dangerous for the users... May be further updates would solve this problem.. but to start with isn't a good choice
With lot of hype going on, even me ordered one for my cousin. Everything was good- delivery, package and the phone. The phone was switched off after saving the localized settings but never turned on. Every tries to get back the phone on went in vain. I am really worried about the kind of quality check these phone has before hitting the user market or the micromax would have thought anything goes with indian market. Micromax, keep up the standards !!!
Received the phone before estimated date of delivery, Functioning of the phone is smooth.also got a 8gb memory card with the phone. Positive points: Decent camera at this price point Looks stylish nor to big nor to small Ringtone volume is good Call quality is also good. Verdict: As technology keeps changing again and again, its good to invest in mobile phones of this price-point as it has all the features of a high end phone.
still used good
Excellent phone
worth the money
Excellent phone
Defective piece
Value for money
value for ,oney
Value for money
Excellent phone
Its superbbbbbb
Good one mobile
Good experiance
Value for Money
Value for money
Very good phone
Good Product...
Value for money
good handset...
value for money
very best phone
Good phone.....
Excellent phone
Fully Satisfied
working well...
Worth the price
Worth the price
It is excellent
value for Money
very good phone
its nice mobile
It was awesome.
very nice phone
It is wonderful
Very good phone
Excellent phone
nice and useful
value for money
Value for money
good cell phone
very good phone
Very nice phone
worth for money
Excellent phone
Wonderful Phone
value for money
Very good phone
Excellent phone
Value For Money
very very fine
value for money
Value for money
i don't like it
value for money
product is good
nice handset...
Nice Product...
Value for money
Worth the money
Very good phone
Its amazing....
Value for money
Very good phone
Excellent phone
Wonderful phone
good one mobile
6.5 k ? Worths!
very nice phone
Value for money
Value for money
Very good phone
Very good phone
very nice phone
value for money
Good to go with
Jr nexus for me
Very nice phone
value for money
Perfect one....
Yes its awesome
worth the price
Awesome mobile!
it is very nice
Value for money
Value for money
value for money
Worth for Money
good product...
Good instrument
Value for money
very hand fully
Excellent phone
Good phone! :-)
complete device
Battery is poor
Loved the phone
very nice phone
I DON'T LIKE IT
Value for money
GOOD FOR BUYING
Value for money
Nice product...
value for money
awwwwwessssooom
Value for money
Value for money
Wonderful phone
ITS JUST GREAT!
value for money
Worth for money
Camera not good
its really nice
Very good phone
value for money
Value for money
its super fast.
Working fine...
Stunning device
Value for Money
good experiance
Very good phone
Value for money
nice product...
product is good
Awesome........
Worth of price.
EXCELLENT PHONE
Value for money
I am Satisfied.
Nice Experience
Amazing .......
awesome phone:)
value for money
It is excellent
value for money
Very nice phone
Value for money
Nice smartphone
Outstanding!!!!
Value for money
Excellent piece
very nice phone
Amazing Product
Love this phone
Value for money
Very nice phone
Worth for money
amazing quality
Very good phone
Very good phone
Excellent phone
Very nice phone
excellent phone
Value for mobey
After 4 days of usage all I could say is my Micromax Canvas A1 is awesome..! Pros 1. Screen Resolution is nice although it has 480 * 854 pixels 2. Very fast, no lag 3. Sound quality is good and enough 4. Almost works all types of video files 5. Battery last for a full day on 3G Cons 1. Camera has very bad, poor pictures That's the reason I gave 4 star.. All the rest is.. oh.. buy and feel it yourself..!!
Worst phone i have ever bought, my son dropped it from his hand on the table(not on the floor) and display screen died. Where i live we dont have a micromax service center, i purchased samsung grand neo i have dropped my iphone 4s a million times on hard concrete floor and so far nothing happened to it Micromax is the worst brand for hardware cant complain about the software as it is android one and not made by micromax
Looks good. Works well. But colours are not vivid, display looks dull. Touch feel is rough, not smooth - didn't like the feel. In comparison, at a similar price point, Moto E although smaller has better display, colours are vivid and touch feel is smooth and awesome. Overall good value for money but considering its Google's pet project, expected a bit more at least in comparison to other products in the same price range.
The Hardware Present in the Phones are Superb.. Works fine without any lag. . But has some drawbacks like: 1> Very low battery life. U need to charge the mobile continuously as battery gets drained very fast every now and then. 2> No File Manager is present. 3> Cannot click photos without memory card.
I have been using this phone for the past ten days. . A few issues, When charging the phone the menu goes haywire and swings from one screen to another when you try to use it. This seems to be a bug. So if you try to open any application (say whatsapp) while the phone is on charge, some other app or screen opens and then the screens start opening and closing in turns on their own. Unplugging the charger solves this issue.
Very lucrative
Value of Money
Not bad at all
Awesome movies
value fr money
Amazing device
Awesome phone.
Good Product..
Mobile problem
very good item
good mobile...
thanks amaZone
Extremely good
Very very good
excellent sell
Worth for cost
awesome mob !!
Nice phone :-)
Its good phone
Nice Mobile !!
very gud phone
awesome mobile
Very very Nice
Loking nice...
i recommend it
Good mobile...
budgeted phone
wonderful set.
Simply awesome
Just fantastic
Amazingly fast
very gud phone
good and supbb
simply awesome
Gr8:) one ....
just like okay
Simply superb.
very nice deal
Sleek and good
Amazing Cell!!
Very very good
nice i love it
Working fine..
good product..
Perfect deal..
Great phone. .
Very very poor
Cheap and best
Awesome phone!
Superb !!!! :)
Great product.
Good one .. !!
Good Good Good
Satisfied !!!!
memory is less
mobile is nice
great phone ..
Superb product
The best phone
Nice Phone....
good in budget
Awesome mobile
Worth buyig.:)
Very satisfied
A good product
not Good phone
Phone is super
Very much fine
Awesome mobile
Nice phone....
a good product
Its perfect!!!
Cheap and best
best for value
Awesome phone.
Excellent deal
Its good phone
Lovely phone..
Pretty amazing
Amazing phone.
Nice phone. ..
Awesome phone.
Very satisfied
Product defect
It's Good Buy.
Late dileverd.
Cost effective
Really nice...
Good One :) ;)
Nice phone....
A nice product
Value of Money
value of money
very very good
A cute product
Best in class.
Best buy... :)
With for money
fabulous phone
aweesome phone
Superb........
yes its a very good phone , everything is fine but i will tell you what i didnt like 1) OTG not supported 2) no option to disable the sim (any one of dual sim) 3)battery performance is not upto the mark(2000 mah would have been better) 4) videos are lagging in hardware mode of mx player. but overall considering the price tag and features and offers its a must have phone for everyone. thank you amazon for lightening delivery.
How to redeem d coupons and free apps of airtel provided with it ??
I have bought Micromax Canvas A1 on 14th October 2014. Very recently I have faced bad Experience with it. As most of the applications are not running. It's showing as "Unfortunatly, Google Dailer has stopped". Some times it's even bad of showing that "Unfortunatly, andriod.process has stopped" Even basic futures like contacts, Calculator, Gmail, Drive, Google Dailer, MX player also not running
I have a problem with my micromax Canvas A1 mobile phone. I've purchased it on 17th September 2014 but it does not work properly. Camera quality is very poor & also battery backup is not gud. Micro SD Card also not working in it. But amazon service is too quick. They are really serious for costmer service....Thanks
Very Nice phone delivered to me within 4 days... Pros: 1-Nice Screen Quality 2- Smooth UI. No lags whatsoever.. 3- battery backup is managable 4- No Bloatwares 5- Nice freebies Cons: 1- No File Manager & Gallery preloaded 2- Network settings are little complicated.. I definitely recommend this phone to those having small pockets.... I got it at 5499/-
This is NOT worth it. Bettery life much lower than claimed.Featurs are non user friendly.no separate video storage i con.no seprare locations for recd sent n miss calls on first screen.call time usage not record ed. Sent call cannot b seen.This appears to b vintage first gen smart phone. That is why is why it is sold only online so that we dont know all IMpt. features..NOT at all worth buying. B L Ghasolia new delhi.
Totally Chines product. Micromax has no service center which is easily approachable. Its toll free no. is not functional. the day I got the delivery of the product its earphone is not functional. I have been desperately trying to locate its service center but no success. Even Amazon is not able to help me. They even have given me the nos. which are non functional. Pl. avoid buying this product. O.P.NAGPAL
Good Phone
Best choice if you are looking between 5K to 8 K budget android mobile. Positives: 1. Stock Android experience is amazing, its super fast and no lagging 2. Battery back up is more than expected (Better than new Moto G) 3. You can move lots of apps to memory card 4. Call quality and dual sim functionality is very nice Negatives: 1. Camera performance is just average
Not a good Choice, Its has many problems like Phone book not available, gallery & file manager not available , taking too much in opening any application Most of the sets have Software issue, we have taken 7 sets in a group and all were faulty, But Amazon's return service is quite Good
a really good phone within the budget range. Only con I see with this phone seems to the screen resolution which is just 480p. I woulda surely gone ahead and bought one of this if it had a 720p screen. 480p can cause a blurr and can be irritating for people with a clear sight. The processor seems to be pretty good and the fact that the phone will get updates on time is an added advantage.
I like this phone 'cos of the worth for money. Better than any of the smart phones in the 5k to 7.5k range. The only issue I am facing is I am unable to download the watsapp apllication from the google playstore. When ever I am connecting to download my data pack is burning but I get a run time error / connection timed out message. None of the online discussion forums have provided solution for this.
Micromax mobiles in generally has battery problem. And it has touch screen problem that touch did nt work properly. I hope to resolve this with A1 phones
The phone has 1 GB RAM and it hangs up quite a few times. The white color model looks cheap plastic and will get dirty soon. The phone has good features in the price range and if you do not mind occasional hanging I recommend you buy black color which again has basic quality back cover but looks better than white. In this price range this is the only phone with infra red port and a TV remote feature.
A good phone full of features but failed battery and overheating processor causing excessive heat and low use time for its target audience (people who need more on internet etc.) Have to return ultimately to Amazon who picked the consignment in a very professional manner. However a repeat order for Micromax A96 (4000mAh) kept me waiting beyond scheduled delivery time. Discount was awesome , ...
The mobile contains many functional errors like 1. Setting colour to differant SIM's is not reflected on network symbol. 2. Battery percentage setting is not available. 3. 3G service available only on first GSM only. 4. No option to set ringtone from musical player. 5. Abscense of Gallery menu option. Anyone pls check before buy.
Good one !!!!
good product,
Working good.
paisa vasoool
Good product.
Perfect phone
Amazing *****
good phone...
Nice product.
Its very nice
Good product.
greate mobile
awesome phone
Super but ...
Nice phn.....
I love it....
Nice product.
awesome phone
This is gud 1
Great Product
Gold mobile!!
Budget Phone.
Nice features
awesome phone
Budget Nexus.
Good Product.
thats ameging
Good purchase
Nice product.
phne vry fast
Great feature
awesome phone
Worth buying.
Nice product.
Amazing phone
Awesome phone
Awesome phone
mast mobile h
It's awesome.
Ameging asome
I LOOOOOVE IT
awesome phone
Good Phone...
Its marvelous
Its awesome
Delevary late
Good Phone...
great product
Phone is good
it's good....
Very nice job
Good purchase
So nice phone
All Izz Well!
Not that much
Nice Product.
Great Product
awesome phone
Perfect phone
Amazing phone
Nice Product.
User friendly
Dont know yet
Too good ....
Not much good
Great product
simply superb
Nice phone...
It's cool....
Awesome phone
Paisaa vasool
Good phone...
Really superb
Amazing phone
best in class
BEST IN CLASS
excellent one
Nice product.
awesome phone
Bed perfomans
Nice product.
good purchase
Good phone...
Its worth it.
Paisa wasool.
Super se uper
REALLY AWSOME
Exelent piecr
Complete pack
good features
nice products
exlent mobile
Great device.
budget mobile
superb mobile
that was nice
Awesome phone
good packing.
Superb Phone.
awesome phone
superb phone.
A great phone
Superb phone.
Its Amazing !
Go and buy it
Great product
its good ....
Good Product.
Awesome phone. The best phone one should buy below Rs 10,000. Pros: Awesome processor Awesome making and quality Awesome screen reactive display Awesome OS (latest android guarantee) Awesome awesome cons: camera only 5 MP Battery only 1700 mAH Screen only 4.1 inches (4.5 inches, but approx 0.4 inches are used by the on screen keys).
how to open memory card in this phone and it contain folder.
Seen on youtube that 8 gb memory card is free and downloading of apps n watching youtube videos are free for next 6 months... Is this true??
Battery issue, daily charging for 4 hours, and it discharged in 6 hours, also installed battery saver apps and implement all battery saver configuration. OS crashed several times and numerous errors in so common stable apps. Automatic calls to known numbers and unknown numbers, getting call back from relatives. Few more issues in just 10 days of experience.
It has met my expectations, but some things aren't provided in my phone. The LED notification light is present in other micromax android ones but it is not present in mine. If I call the customer support they say the feature is not present in any micromax canvas a1's. Even in the service centre the same thing is said again. I am pretty disappointed in micromax for being kind of rude.
Received mobile with defect in voice. Same day sent mail to micromax customer care about the defect. 8th day received mail from micromax to contact service centre. Service centre is doing service from last 7 days. Very poor responce and policy of replace is not possible even after informing about the defect on the same day of delivery. In short the defect products are sold.
The ear-piece and speaker aperture are too small. Unless one perfectly positions the ear-piece near the ear, nothing is heard. Same goes with the speaker phone. If the very small aperture gets covered, then nothing is heard. I am not sure what use is a phone in which one cannot hear the voice on the other side and more importantly get alerted when someone calls!
First of all one day delivery is excellent, i booked order at 11pm and got it by 10 am next day.. Deliver in 11 non working hours is amazing. I got this phone on 18th Sept. My exp abt phone is very good, In term of speed, internet, music, screen the phone is very good. Presently i m using lumia 520 now i purchased it. I feel this phone is Full "Paisa vasool" gadget.
Awesome phone but waiting for free vouchers worth 2000
Good product
Just awesome
Good product
its awesome.
Great thing.
nice product
Best mobile.
Nice product
worth buying
Good product
Nice mobile.
nice product
Good phone..
Price worthy
Nice product
Good Product
good product
good product
good product
Nice handset
Superb Phone
Phone s good
good product
Wonderful!!!
Nice product
Excellent!!!
Nice Product
i love it !!
Great mobile
good not bad
VERY NICEEEE
good phone..
Overall good
good quality
Its so so...
A good phpne
best product
Nice product
Slow working
Just Awesome
Nice mobiles
Good product
Its very bad
nice product
paisa wasool
worth buying
Good product
just awesome
nice & worth
Good product
Best deal...
Satisfied...
Good product
awsome phone
very good...
Good product
nice product
good product
good product
Not so great
Worth buying
good product
It is auaumn
Worst camera
good product
just love it
loveely phon
Voice is low
Good product
Nice phone..
Its too good
A best phone
. Great
best product
Nice product
Good mobile.
Satisfactory
Great mobile
Working fine
just buy it.
worth buying
Nice product
good product
Excellent...
great phones
good product
Decent phone
nice product
Nice product
Cool ...!!!!
good product
l love it!!!
Good product
A good phone
good one....
Worth Buying
Worth to buu
Superb phone
just awesome
a nice phone
Nice phone.,
Clear & Good
Satisfactory
Nice product
Nice phone..
Great mobile
superb phone
Its good buy
Happy to buy
good product
Good phone..
nice product
Nice product
Good product
Satisfied...
good product
good mobile.
Good product
Worth to buy
POOR BATTERY
Nice phone..
Worth it....
satisfactory
this is good
Superb, Good
super mobile
nice product
Great phone.
good product
GOOD PRODUCT
Satisfied...
Good prodact
Good for me.
Best phone..
Superb phone
good product
No problems.
amazing deal
Super hit hi
working good
nice product
its amazing.
really good phone its desi nexus I didn't get a single leg in this Phone it works really smooth and pure Android phone and good camera quality and good touch and nice display or specially one and beat thing is its body quality better than high end phone and better than Samsung battary backup is good 8-9 hours in normal use..!! I must suggest this phone
Just bought it. FM radio recording feature is welcome but should have been in mp3 format. Some of the factory apps need not have been there or should have the facility to move to SD card or uninstall. Battery should have been of higher capacity. More comments as i use it further. But would certainly recommend it as value for money.
Android kitkat phone at this price and greater gaming at this price is really too much man but i find the dead trigger 2 take some time to load levels but if you have time then its nice...........So!!!!! After All !!!!!! My opinion is that it is a good phone and i want you to just grab it but if you can spend more 600 bucks then go ahead and buy the Moto E
Good One
But my free coupons are not deliverded in my email id
Phone very responsive, touch friendly but user unfriendly with Google being extremely intrusive and always looking over the shoulder - a nuisance really. Not easy to save pictures or videos without Google+ being a nuisance. Would be far better to buy another brand of phone with the same or similar technical configuration - EVEN IF ONE HAS TO PAY MORE.
I have ordered this smartphone on Saturday and it's delivered on Tuesday evening, faster delivery...Thanks to Amazon This smartphone is like an affordable Nexus for masses. Thanks to Google for this Android One program & Indian smartphone manufacturer Micromax for participating in this great project. A must have smartphone under 7,000/-
I was planning to go for a phone up to 15k but when I got this I am surprised to see this phone. But I m facing a big issue with this I am not able to download any app from play store. Every time its say error 927. I have tried every things from clearing catch to change account. But didn't work. Where as net is working OK. Please help.
Its good, but it is micromax after all. On second day nothing was working on it, all the applications were failing. Then I pull out and put in the SD card and now everything is fine. I hope this problem will not happen again. This phone has some really good features. In next few days I will check it more to give better reviews.
I got this phone and tested it for tow days it is value for money phone ... But but.....There is some knocking sound around camera when you shake it. .... If you find this type of problem please reply me....
there is no installed file manager , I downloaded es file explorer after dat I was able to view my SD card contents .. one thing I wanna know if there is any option to disable one of the two sims I m using ? my phone's speaker's sound got decrease after unknowingly i kept my finger over it ..any idea how to repair the fault
It's side On/Off switch is not working properly.
Super .....
amazing....
Not so good
Best mobile
small nexus
suprb phone
Good mobile
very good..
phone is ok
Nice phone.
Good mobile
Best mobile
nice mobile
very good ,
OK OK phone
Excellent !
best Mobile
Good mobile
Go for it!!
Good Mobile
GOOD MOBILE
mast mobile
Good mobile
Super phone
good mobile
nice mobile
So nice mob
Super phone
goood phone
Great phone
Best mobile
Awesome....
It's pretty
Awesome....
Nice mobile
Worth money
Nice mobile
great phone
Good phone.
Good phone.
Good phone.
fairly good
Nice phone.
Good phone.
Nice mobile
Nice mobile
Smart phone
It is good.
Its gud ...
verry good.
Good device
nice phone.
NICE MOBILE
gud product
awson phone
Good Phone.
Not bad....
Smart phone
nice mobile
Great phone
GOOD MOBILE
Its ok only
good mobile
money worth
Good to use
Good phone.
outstanding
Good phone.
Best mobile
Epic phone.
Great phone
Goog mobile
Its good...
passa wasul
Good mobile
its ok only
I like this
Mmm....Good
Its amazing
NICE MOBILE
Super Phone
Good buy...
good one :)
Enjoyed it!
great phone
Nice phone.
Good device
Good Phone.
Worth it!!!
Not so safe
Recommended
Nice mobile
awesome....
Great phone
good result
Best mobile
I luv it...
good phone.
worth it!!!
Good mobile
pretty good
nice mobile
Its awesome
Quite happy
Ek Dum Mast
it is great
ITS AMAZING
Excellant..
Very useful
Great Phone
Super phon3
good mobile
Paisa vasul
good one...
Nice Mobile
Worth a buy
nice mobile
nice mobile
nice phone.
Nice phone.
Good mobile
excellent..
Its good...
Its Awesome
edj ws
Nice one...
good phone.
nice moblie
Good mobile
Good mobile
nice mobile
good mobile
very good..
Nice & Good
good mobile
Gr8 Product
exlant nice
really good
Good mobile
Review after 1 month of use... It is really a good phone.. Camera quality is good.. Battery is ok.. Just received the Lollipop updated so it was cherry on the cake... I would recommend to go for this mobile for 6000 bucks... bt if ur budget is little high.... then go for micromax yu yureka...
Very bad phone there is no internal memory...
First about the phone The phone is good feels good but the back cover does not get closed fully i guess due to manufacturing defect even without back cover from the one side the internal casing is not fully closed due to that the back cover is giving problems 2nd About amazon the delivery was delayed.
I have recieved it on monday..amazon service is the best.it is excellant product.I like its display .very attractive handset. app/software are very goood.Its a really androide no.1. Camera is an avarage but my requirement fullfilled. i would suggest it is value for money product.buy it......
1st of all thank you very much amazon to delivered on time... OK let's come to this phone... I m using it from two days..., I really like it, everything is amazing in this phone.... But camera and the bettery life is not up to mark....but anyway nice product from micromax.. I m really happy....
Within two month quality of micromax exposed, very upset with quality and service of micromax. service centers working on their sweet time. repairing needs 15-20 days. If you do not have repair center in mumbai why u r selling product here? if problem will not solve i will definetly return this product.
It requires micro SIM, hence this mobile is not suitable for INDIA. This feature should have been clearly stated in Amazon Ad, which was missing. It is unethical on the part of Amazon. I am unable to use the set because 1st I will have to some Vodafone store for micro SIM only then can I start using it
I ordered it on 21st and received on 24th, delivery from Amazon was very fast....the product was simply superb.....its really a value for money product. The only problem with the product was i didnt received the offer of free download application for six months from Airtel as mentioned in Amazon....
Micromax Canvas A1 with Android One is a nice phone with good performance but lack in battery backup (drain almost in 1-2 hr of gaming) and camera quality( gives the feel of 2mp in the specified 5 mp) is also not satisfactory. video play is also not good as high resolution video cannot be played.
Its wi-fi doesnt work properly . it automatically dissconnects while working even sometimes it doesnt off after so much efforts. This phone is not for gaming purpose. You cant play sub way surf of Temple Run 2 coz it hangs . It always shows SIM messages full . and i m not able to delete them .
Rear Camera Quality no good specially at night Phone starts heating while palying game Battery drains fast Headphones looks cheap no clip to fasten headphones
Good one..
Nice phone
Good phone
Nice Phone
Good deal.
Nice Phone
awesome...
Good phone
Very Good.
Nice phone
Nice Phone
Good phone
Impressive
Good Phone
nice phone
Good phone
Very good,
nice phone
good phone
very good.
Good phone
GOOD PHONE
nice phone
Good phone
it is good
Good phone
nice phone
nice phone
nice phone
nice phone
Excellent.
Good phone
nice phone
Nice phone
Nice phone
best phone
Good phone
Best phone
Very good!
Excellent!
Nice Phone
Nice phone
Nice phone
Awesome...
GOOD PHONE
Good Phone
Nice phone
Best phone
nice phone
very nices
Good Phone
Very nice.
Good phone
nice phone
Works good
Good phone
Nice super
Nice Phone
best phone
nice phone
Very good.
Must buy..
Excellent.
good phone
Nice phone
NICE PHONE
Nice Phone
nice phone
It's good,
GOOD PHONE
Good phone
Nice phone
NICE PHONE
Good Phone
Good phone
Good phone
i loved it
Nice phnee
Good mobil
Nice phone
Great one!
Good phone
Good phone
Nice phone
Nice phone
five stars
Very good.
good phone
Nice phone
Good phone
works fine
Its good .
Nice phone
Nice Phone
Good Phone
Good phone
Best phone
Good phone
Nice phone
Awsm phone
BEST pHONE
good phone
Nice phone
Good one!!
nice phone
good phone
Good phone
Nice phone
Nice phone
Good phone
nice phone
GOOD ONE..
Awesome!!!
Nice phone
Nice phone
nicemobile
GOOD PHONE
Nice Phone
Nice phone
Good phone
Good phone
good phone
It is good
Nice phone
Nice Phone
better one
Best phone
Goodvspeed
Nice phone
good phone
Thums up!!
Nice phone
I like it
Best phone
looks neat
good phone
good phone
fantastic!
Good Phone
nice phone
Nice phone
Soooperrrr
nice phone
Nice phone
Very good.
Good Phone
Nice Phone
Good phone
NICE PHONE
nice phone
good phone
Excellent.
Nice phone
nice phone
Good Phone
its fine..
good phone
best phone
Good one !
Excellent.
It awesome
Nice phone
nice phone
Good phone
Good phone
Good phone
Best Phone
Good Phone
Good phone
NICE PHONE
Excellent.
Nice phone
Good phone
Nice phone
Good One .
Nice Phone
Worth full
superb fon
nice phone
good phone
Nice phone
Good phone
Too good..
Good phone
Nice phone
Very good!
Nice phone
Nice phone
good phone
Fantastic!
good phone
its awsome
Nice phone
Nice phone
very good
good phone
Very Good.
best phone
best price
nice phone
nice phone
like this.
Good phone
Good phone
nice phone
nice phone
good moble
Best phone
nice phone
Just received it. Love it. I have been using android stock phones for a while and it is very decent device at this price. Its touch is very smooth and it excels its own class.
Well friends the only problem with the micromax android phones is that mostly all the phones have a POOR battery power as i need to charge the phone EVERYDAY. But talking about the features, its absolutely GOOD and i apprciate the effort put togrther by the micromax team. Thumbs Up !!
Reply well built phone.Feel like a nexus and performs like one too.Snappy processor and really good graphics rendering nearly zero lag . No competition at this price.
External speaker quality to be improved.
Nice processing, 2.5 GB for apps installation is quite better than Unite 2 (Having Only 0.89 GB). Screen Size is ok. But the Battery life is just average.takes a long time to charge.... overall good when you are getting such a phone at a price of rs 6499.............
defective piece. worst customer service
Screen Resolution and battery life could have been increases for better user experience. A gorilla glass made screen would have big advantage . these small things needs to listened by the manufacturer to tap market and increase selling with consumer satisfaction.
LOOKS-GOOD FEATURES-GOOD but...... Its slow. if u try to play even very light games, the software will hang and it will take restart.but if u avoid playing games,its good. battery also good.i am writing this review after using it nearly 2 months.
Its a good phone. But my bad luck as the phone software gone bad after using 3 months . I had to go to the service centre. Micromax service centre is good if it is there in your city. Since i had to to service centre thats why giving 3 stars
problem no 3.BIG PROBLEM: AFTER RESTARTING ITS ASKING FOR PASSWORD WHICH I DOESN'T KEEP PASSWORD TO MY DEVICE, NOT ABLE TO FACTORY RESET, NEED HELP GUYS?????????? 1.Battery is draining very fastly, 2.Not able receive app files through bluetooth
Battery is heavily draining with in 4-5 hours (98% (8am) of charging comes to 13 % 12:30 pm), In this time i am using phone only for calls just 5 to 10 min (Incoming & outgoing), I am not using any music, video also.& phone produce very heat if i talk 3 min.
I got this handset last week,they delivered it very fast.GPRS setting is not available for this hand set from airtel network.The model no. Of this set is not available in their list for GPRS setting.Several times I called airtel but they are unable to do it.
Go for it
Not Good.
Very good
Very nice
i like it
Good one.
Excellent
EXCELLENT
Very good
Good ones
Good phne
very good
Very nice
very GOOD
EXCELLENT
Its good.
i like it
i like it
googd one
Very good
Very good
Very Good
VERY GOOD
wonderful
nice deal
nice cell
Very good
Excellent
Not happy
nice deal
Very good
It's good
Very Good
Nice one.
Wonderful
Very good
Very good
great buy
Not Happy
very good
Very good
awwsmm...
It's Good
Very Good
excellent
Excellent
i love it
excellent
excellent
excellent
good one.
i love it
EXCELLENT
all right
goooooood
Avg Phone
Excellent
loving it
Excellent
excellent
Very good
gud phone
Excellent
Excellent
very good
Very good
Vari good
Worthable
nice.....
Very good
good one.
Very good
It's good
Excellent
just good
Very Poor
superb...
Very good
Great !!!
Nice good
Wonderful
very good
Excellent
Good deal
Excellent
Satisfied
excellent
very good
very nice
It's good
very nice
very good
very nice
i like it
Gud Thanx
Excellent
I like it
I like it
Fantastic
Excellent
EXCELLENT
Nice one.
Good Deal
very nice
Satisfied
Four star
Very good
that nice
Excellent
It's good
Excellent
Super ...
Excellent
It's nice
Very nice
wonderful
Good One.
very Good
very good
Excellent
gr8 phone
Very good
Excellent
Excellent
I Like It
Nice phn.
Excellent
Very Nice
nice one
Best Deal
Very good
Very good
Not happy
Execelent
Fantastic
Excellent
Very good
very nice
Very good
wonderful
Excellent
Awesome..
Excellent
Excellent
good phne
Excellent
i love it
Its good.
Excellent
Excellent
brilliant
Fantastic
Excellent
Very good
Nice. ...
Excellent
Excellent
go for it
Go for it
Excellent
Excellant
wonderful
VERY NICE
Satisfied
The best.
Excellent
Fantastic
Very good
Very good
Fantastic till today ididnt get any problem
very fine
Excellent
excellent
Very good
very good
good item
amezing !
best deal
excellent
Very good
Very good
i love it
very good
Excellent
Excellent
Very good
fantastic
Excellent
Excellent
Gr8 phone
I like it
excellent
Excellent
Good deal
Nice phon
vary good
nice deal
Very Good
very good
very good
excellent
Got my phone today. Awesome product. Go for it.
video recording of this mobile is 720p but in the specifications they said it can record 1080p.. dnt cheat people with wrong information...mobile is excellent..u wont get another phone at this price.. It runs on stock android.. check twice before you buy
I have using this phone for last 4-5 months... No lagging or any application issues... works smoothly... Google Android 5.1 update is available for this mobile. Camera quality needs to be improved, but it is worth spending 5-6 Thousands for this mobile.
The product price is too low than other website . Also the best handset with in 5500 and its battery backup is good than Redmi 1s . The problem is that i have to download gallery and filemanager because these are not in the handset . overall a goodset .
Hi, I got this problem with play store downloads on my micromax canvas A1. I believe this problem is common to all canvas A1. I have 2 micromax canvas A1 devices, one xiaomi and samsung , lg and so on.. Whenever I try to download anything above size ( ~ 4 mb ), I receive an error message saying " could not be downloaded error 489 ". I tried on both canvas a1 devices , the result is same resulting in error 489. First I thought this is my wifi problem. So, I tried in my other samsung, xiaomi and LG devices but theres no problem as such. The app installs just fine. I already tried following steps but nothing helped. 1) Factory reset devices ( DIDN'T WORK.) 2) Installed new version of play store ( DIDN'T WORK) 3) Removed google a/c >> reboot >> clear play store data . (DIDN'T WORK) 4) Cleared play store data >> cleared google service framework data >> play store services data . ( DIDN'T WORK ) I TRIED EVERYTHING MENTIONED on google search but nothing worked. Someone plz confirm this on their devices.
Was just experimenting with this one and bought it as a make shift phone for 3months.. But this one has surprisingly been awesome. Has all the features that you need for android smart phone and excellent compatibility wi creating back ups.specifications are available everywhere.. My experience wig using it after loading it with all the software is.. Speed is good.. No matter what the ram is, but if softwares hang in between or take time to switch, it gets bugging Camera is not awesome but good enough to click pics you will be rapid of during day time.. You have insta to do the rest.. For night, there aren't many mobile cameras that do well Sensitivity of touch screen is good, and swipe works perfectly fine.. Some low cost phones loose out on quality of basic features like the call quality and clarity. This one is good, just that the ear volume can be a challenge when in extremely noisy places Internal memory is low, but with a free 8 gb memory, I think it compensates adequately.. The body design is not attractive for someone to ask, which phone is it , and it you want to hide the manufacturer logo, you can use he cover.. But there is only as much you can ask for in6.5 k.. My feeling, unless you are brand conscious or know exactly what feature are you paying the additional money for, it makes no sense to buy any other android for day to day usage and utility.. I'll give it a 4.5 on 5..
The phone is very good for the price. It's light in weight, matte finish, sleek. The camera functions good. The sound quality is decent, but can improve with the use of better earphones(stock earphones aren't that great). The processor speed is good.
I am buying for 6 -01-2015, the mobile was not downloading properly I an go to send service center in micromax the mobile have not return to me, because flash the mobile tuch not work to replaced tuch in one or two months because spare not available
there is no video calling. i cant set ring tones from my gallery/ sd card. battery back up is less. management of sim cards in not available ie whether i want to use 1 sim or 2nd sim or both. there few others also. hope micromax would improve it ...
I certainly love to say that it is awesome mobile. I got it two days back. If you are thinking to buy a nice phone than its the better option far better option if u r going to waste ur money on Chinese handset which is sold out in so called 4 second
product came with defective charger
Awesome product at affordable price
Till now its working like buttery smooth ,no hangs nothing. Its like getting a high price phone in the price of entry level one. And amazon delivery is admirable. One day delivery on time. Micromax Canvas A1and amazon both rocks....keep it up!!!
Budget Phone with high end config... But it wont reach Moto E's 70 % near. Only advantage is having front camera of 2MP. Also screen resolution is less and Picture quality of rear cam 5MP is very less. Think twice before you go for this.
The problem of recognising the sim is there.... I don't know why... Also I didn't get Airtel offer... So I am in doubt whether its new or not.... Cant say.... But yes... Sim problem is there... Ut will recognise the sim which it wants...
Battery life is very poor, if I connect with Internet it will work upto 4-5 hrs only. During roaming Internet not working properly. Symbol of Internet never shown during roaming. overall you can not enjoy with this smartphone.
Nice but carrier service too slow
Just received the phone for my sister,,its absolutely marvelous and performance is super fast,,without any lags. Great job by Google,,,and great hardware by Micromax,,phone looks stunning and performs stunningly as well,,,,loving it!!
Micromax one of the best budget phones with which you'll get latest android updates for 2years and this is the best in performance and battery backup is ok but it should have been more atleast 2000 mah capacity other than its good .
The phone software is good as far as android is concerned. However the build quality of phone is very very cheap There are other available phones in the market and they have better quality of hardware and feeling experience.
I am using this phone for almost 4 months now. Good budget Android smart phone. I don't face any problems despite dropping it down a few times... I consider myself lucky.. Over all a decent phone with decent price...
Google made it possible. Its a very good Mobile with blasted features. Has all the required features which satisfies the end user . No negatives for the features provided at this cost. Overall a Good deal. Time to break records.
The phone is good but I have a problem with the battery charge. While charging phone become hot and while using it in full charge its charge is dropping faster with in 2 - 3 hours and becomes hot. Please do anything to fix it.
Not showing the E/G/H when internet is connected. Not showing the file manager for excessing the SD card. Graphics is too poor as compared to kitkat4.4.2 Overall don't go for Micromax Canvas A1 with Android One.
Very nice device and makes lot of practical sense. For those who have found Micromax canvas GPS to be a pain will find that this works very well. Will recommend it to anyone not willing to spend a lot of money on fancy phones.
Facing problem with the device better have buyed moto E rather than this one s*** of piece videos are not playing apps cannot be shared or received but games are working fine & other features also except errors mentioned above
Amazon service is not so good as we beleave. But micromax a1 is good phone. Go for it you will definitely like this.
Received on time and easy to order, thnx Amazon. Now, about mobile phone : Phone is excellent in every aspect and I am giving these 4 stars for the performance. But as I have ever said about so called "Desi company" rumored Micromax, each of my experience with Micromax is been worst, till today, even with my new handset, because there is no back-support by MMX. I'm facing some problem with WiFi updates on "Play Store" and new apps to download, tried to contact MMX from many times, from every sources I could find online, but as ever they are not reachable at all, as ever. If I will go to the service center, they will keep my handset for months and will return me as it though I scream and shout. Therefore this is my last purchase from Micromax, and I take oath that will never ever by any Micromax product in future, till my life.
NO CONNECTION WITH TATA WIFI...
Bug in data roaming. Data roaming isn't working with any of the sims and networks. Locally its good but when roam out in other city, the mobile data is of no use. The swith to data roaming in network settings doesn't work.
Fabulous
Too good
Nice one
good one
Its good
Good one
thankyou
Good One
good one
Good one
Good one
good one
Good one
nice....
Nice one
Good one
Good one
nice one
good one
Good one
Exellent
good one
best mob
good one
Good one
Good one
Good one
nice one
super...
Good one
Nice One
Like it.
Nice one
Exllent.
Good one
Liked it
nice one
good one
Its good
Good one
Good one
Good One
Its good
loved it
Good one
Sfghhfxc
good one
good one
good one
good one
Nice....
Its good
Nor bad.
good one
Good one
amazing,
Good..!!
good one
Awesome!
Good one
Excalent
Its good
Its good
GOOD ONE
excilent
Good one
V. Good.
Good one
very bed
GOOD ONE
its good
Its good
Good one
Its nice
Its good
Good one
Good....
it,s ok,
Good One
its good
Good one
nice one
good one
its good
Its Good
Good one
Good one
Good one
not good
Nice....
Cool One
good one
Good one
OK phone
Its good
Its good
Its good
good set
awesomee
good one
very nic
I lov it
Good one
its good
Xcellent
Good one
good one
Nice Buy
nice set
Good one
Not good
Good one
Nice one
its good
very gud
Nice. ..
Good one
Good one
Its good
Good one
Average.
its good
Good exp
too good
its good
Worth it
Good hai
Good one
good one
good one
good one
V.v.good
Good one
Canvas A1 is surely a good model.. But the battery backup of my set is not agreable. But the camera, software and other features are absolutely fantastic taking in consideration what cost we are paying for it.
Battery backup is not adequate
its not connecting to PC??????
Not good, screen quality/resolution is poor, screen touch is also not smooth as compared to moto e which is in same range, I returned it back, thanks for amazon supported me to return it back without any struggle
I placed my order on 9th october and i recieved it on 15th october. I am very sad. Mobile has very bad camera. It’s battery time is too short i have to recharge it 3 times a day. I am really upset. Don’t purchase it!
Mobile was not detecting the network after putting in 2 sim cards, so have requested for a return. Was so excited to give this phone as a gift to my mother but it did not work. Awaiting my money back Siddarth
They have come up with the nice option, but the main thing the mobile is used for is to talk, this is one of the worst network catching capacity and call getting disconnected for every 1 minutes.. whom to blame
Does what it is supposed to do. The experience offered is as good as Nexus 5 and Moto X - Pure Android. Pros: Super smooth interface, no lagging, dual sim support, good camera, good sound, good screen quality, Prompt service of Amazon India Cons: No Screen protection (Had to apply screen guard immediately after uboxing) Will post details about battery life later.
Really good phone. Got it for my dad who does not know how to use a smart phone. In no time, he got familiar to use this phone. very handy, friendly phone, simple features, specially for elder people to use.
It's very nice at this cost. you may say it is most cost effective mobile which I had ever purchased. every facility in one mobile at this cost, just incomparable. I recommend it for new users. GO FOR IT.
Initial feedback after receiving the phone - Could see the standards improved in Micromax with rubber-kinda back cover and decent product finish !! Will post more after exploring the phone !!
There is no gallery, no file manager, etc. Everything is of Google. Phone is hanging so much. There is no options for network mode (WCDMA/Auto mode). Not so good, recommend don't buy this product.
Good Phone For its Price Internal Memory and Battery life can be increased But Google Backing this device with is direct updates make positive Point Over All OK Device and decent specs.
Ring tone volume is very low. Speaker (voice) quality poor. Not worth for using phone, may be worth using as small tab. But if used as a tab price do not justify. In all not worth.
BEST BUY! No complains PROS: 1. GOOD DISPLAY QUALITY 2. GOOD SPEED AND PROCESSOR 3. GOOD CAMERA QUALITY 4. GREAT MATT FINISH 5. STYLISH LOOK DON'T THINK GO FOR IT .
This phone is not working well and always shows error if we start two or more applications together. Please provide a supportive update so that user can get benefits of this new android one mobile.
The item is very good and it is working excellent. But I would like to say that the 10% cash back offered at the time of purchase has not been fulfilled. Please look in to the matter immediately.
I have received this phone yesterday..I am to download any app from play store. It is showing as unable to download due to error 489…. Please anybody help.. If this problem is solved them 5 stars
It's totally a Paisa wasool phone.This Android A1 is more than my expectations...!! I recommend this phone to all. Overall, a Good Phone at this price range and I Just Love this Phone...!!!
The product is not working properly . The playstore is not downloading the apps . After many tries playstore let me download the apps and with the bluetooth i am unable to recieve apk files .
Does not have 3G connectivity? please clarify. Can only be used with micro sim card, difficult to load APPS especially Whats App. Please let me have the Micromax Service centre in Pune
Not bad
Awesome
great..
Awesome
not bad
Cool !!
Awesome
Super,,
so good
Awesome
Awesome
So fast
LOVE IT
Awesome
awesome
Awesome
Niceeee
Awesome
owesome
Amazing
Amazing
Awesome
Good...
thank u
Amaging
AVERAGE
Not bad
like it
Average
awesome
Awesome
goood..
awesome
Not bad
gud one
Amazing
Adipoli
AWesome
awesome
...good
Awesome
Good OS
amazing
Exelent
Gud one
AWESOME
It good
love it
Awesome
awesome
It's ok
awesome
Awesome
Sandaar
Amazing
Soooper
Not bad
awesome
amazing
awesome
Nice...
Love it
Mobile got switched off automatically.
goodone
amazing
amazing
Not bad
Awesome
Amazing
Great!!
So fast
awesome
Awesome
4 stars
Awesome
perfect
Awesome
Love it
Not bad
awesome
gud fon
Awesome
not bad
gud one
love it
if your mind drives to think owe this phone i urge you dont buy this instead go for spice its ahead better at least not getting a defective piece. one star for AMAZON for customer service.
No internet connectivity? vodafone says this model (AQ4501) is not compatible with net connectivity!!!! Is this some joke micromax/amazon?? Read some people saying that this works on airtel sim only. Should this not have been disclosed? First online purchase and very annoyed about it.
Did any1 from dis group review's who doesn't have gallery and file manager folder in built in there phone. I dsn't have it and it's installing procedure is taking much time. Plz help....
A very nice product of MICROMAX, Android new version is roaring, flawless n smooth. >best for daily uses... >pretty cam. features >browsing is super-amazing
'Micromax Canvas A1 with Android One' RAM(1GB) & Processor(Quad Core) is best. Camera (front and back- both) is good but battery backup is not good. Not support all type of video.
Pros: 1. Good looks. (Though tried to copy nexus 5). 2. Nice touch. 3. Good in-app switch is fast. 1. Packaging is not upto the standard. It should have bubble wrap as most other online retailers provide (flipkart, snapdeal, etc) 2. In call speaker is less. 3. Battery drains out very fast. Have to charge phone twice a day. Should have provided more than 2000 Ah instead mere 1700 Ah. 4. Camera quality is very bad. All those require good camera, please do not buy. 5. The back panel is so smooth that there are high chances the phone will slip off your hand. Gripping should be increased.
Its good to use this smartphone. Myself & my brother like it , its cool . I am sending this review through my phone. Amazon services are amazing . Thank you , Eunice.
The main advantage of this phone is this is Android One and this will get direct update from Google. Launcher is pure Google and it is not costumised with any extra skin. Battery is little bit low in this handset but you are getting a phone exclusively made by Google for India (Android One project)
I am happy for purchasing this product in Amazon. And I will be getting Cash back offer in HDFC Bank card. And if I selected in 11/11 offer day I will be very happy
Cons.. Azus zenphone has better looks and feel. Zenphone has Better battry life.. Pros Super smooth loving the pure andriod UI Loving this phone
Services of Amazon us very good but mobile is not in good condition. I bought this micromax a1 in October 2014 and now in these days.....the battery is not working properly.
I just booked this mobile. (Sunday 21night). When i expect delivery. I dont know about speed delivery. Also any one please advice me for this flip cover. I need flip cover
Good phone for normal use.....if you want to play high level games then its not good for that... Find Offers on this mobile & other products at http://www.couponmartz.com
I have problem with Vodafone . Vodafone network doesn't catched by phone. I don't know don't whether its phone problem or network. Otherwise average phone at this price.
For this price the phone is worth. Good Performance. Fast when 3G is active. But the bundled offer of Airtel 3G data is a flop., no range for airtel at my office and home
Cons: Camera is not good. 5 mp camera works like 3. Very low battery backup. Better take micromax unite 2. Pros: Good looks Android one
these are the first launching phones by micromax,karbonn & spice- all these brands.. among all these, amazon is exclusively selling micromay. this phone is really good in a budgetful amount with 5mp camera with led & android kitkat.. i'd recommnd this one..
It is a good smart mobile in it's range. But Battery backup is very very very poor and it does not have video calling facility except these things it is good mobile..
Everything is fine except the quality of the speaker as it makes a screeching sound when its on full volume , I now had to search for a service center to service it .
i just love this phone.. awesome looks, fast and smooth, no lags, hd gaming experience, nice backup. and i am waiting for my delivery, when i can touch my phone :v :c
Today I got the phone. But am very disappointed that I can't make video calls. I just wanna return this phone .
Hey, I am facing issues in Wi-fi Connectivity. Remaining Every thing Good.
Thanks to the Seller and Amazon for living upto my expectations. Everything was smooth and easy. Perfect and would remember this for ever. :)
It is very good phone in this range. this phone having google's android one system with android 4.4 and it have also ability to update android L 5.0 version.
The only mazor cons : Poor camera and little battery issue(you may need to charge twice a day) Rest all is just excellent. Specially the "Google Android One".
Mobile Hand set & other feature are good, but battery showing very poor peropfrmance, it will be drain very early. I am trying other ways for better battery life
I am unable to connect with my PC. There is no pc suite for this phone I.e Samsung Nokia etc. I followed manual but could not succeeded. Can any one help me.
Superb phone....but I was disappointed with amazon....dis phone not available since three days....amazon pls....get back with micromax a1 soon as possible....
Fabulous phone for the price. Got it in one day from Amazon. Works like a charm not just for the price but also otherwise. A great device for parents , kids.
Superb
Desent
superb
its ok

Okay..
I's Ok
Superb
Good..
V good
Superb
its ok
Superb
SUPERB
Good~~
v good
Superb
Exlent
simple
Nice..
Thanks
superb
Awsome
I like
5 star
Superb
Happy.
Bakwas
V good
5 star
Superb
Ddddff
All OK
SUPERB
superb
Boring
V Good
Superb
Great!
Superb
superb
Nice 1
V good
ITS OK
SUPERB
i did not find file manager in this phone how comes in the phone please tell me. lack of this feature i could not find memory card's data so please tell me.
VERY POOR BATTERY: Charged the battery to 100%. It drained within 4 hours. In between no calls received? Also, fully drained battery takes not less than 10 minutes to get restarted after plugging in. UTILITIES NOT AVAILABLE: 1)NO GALLERY as like any other normal phones. 2)Contacts list will not be shown, when you tap TO SEND SMS. HARDWARE: - Unreliable…. HARDWARE: Unreliable…. DELIVERY: Not upto the mark. MY OPINION: Don't buy hastily.
Very good phone in its price range but only problem is that Vodafone settings are not available yet for internet.one has to go to Vodafone store to get it
Specs look ok but nothing spectacular. If I compare it with the closest competitor Xiaomi Redmi 1S than one has to say that Xiaomi is the winner, coz purely on the basis of specs Redmi comes with 1.6 ghz quad core, a 4.7 inch HD IPS display, a Qualcomm Snapdragon 400 MSM8228 processor, 8 mpegapixel primary camera, 8 GB ROM, 2000 mAh battery. But I think MMX Canvas 1 will also come out as a potential winner given the fact that, given the fact that buying a Redmi 1S or MI 3 is like winning a lottery, plus little is known about Xiaomi's after sales services, and Canvas A1 comes with 4.4.4 kitkat which is the latest version of the OS and Android L update is definitely a bonus. So, purely on the basis of specs and other related things I think MMX A1 will stand the test of time!
I have parched one mobile micro max canvas A1 android one in amazon online but flowing problem in mobile 1) very to much heating 2) mobile going on switch off 3) mobile charging problem 4) photo gallery problem the mobile given to service center 04/10/2014 at gandhinagar Gujarat. I request you to replace the mobile. NILESH M PARMAR PLOT NO. 1444/1, SECTOR-3/C GANDHINAGAR 382006 09427607899
Very nice phone but battery takes 4 hours to charge completely And then drains in 3hours of moderate use Dont waste your money on this product
Product seems to be having a lot of software issues. Micromax/Google must release update asap. Delivery was very quick. Thanks to Amazon.
excellent phone in this range....thanks Google in case of camera, performance, battery backup, display all are awesome.. Go for it guys..
I purchased micro max Canvas A1 with Android . Its appearance is good but lots of drawback with this phone some basic features are not given by the company you can not set your favorite songs as ringtone. Ring of phone ring only one time and is automatically silent if u dont listen the first ring then u miss the call. You can not direct download any music and video file from web except application.I am not recomend this phone for any one . I am very disappoint with this phone
I don't even want to give one star. Battery life horrible, micromax service even poorer. These being just few of the many defects this phone has.
Nice phone in budget price . but I can't download apps from play store . there is no gallery, no video player , no file manager in the phone .
yes this phone is awesome in this budget. Whatever expected from a smartphone, all features are there. andriod one done a very great job. Thanks.
Its a very good device, Does not lags even when stressed. Its fast and fluid, camera is great. Sound and call quality is great. I've purchased this on 17/09/2014 but I've not got any cashback as of now!!
Phone is getting heated quickly. You can not browse whatsapp, Hangouts, facebook and game at a time. Within 5 minutes phone is getting heated.
Phone is good, elegant, nice etc. What about the freebies promised. I only got the 8 GB SD card but not the gift vouchers ..... WHEN WILL I GET?
Biggest problem - New Apps cannot be installed. This phone does not have an inbuilt file manager. Install from Play Store is also not working.
The phone is a beast at this price im happy with my decision to buy this phone definitely go for it if u want a phone for gaming and high graphic functions Though the phone has some disappointing parts like it doesnt have a file browser/manager so uneed to download a file explorer like ES fileexplorer,etc. It doesnt get connected to PC ( this prob is seen in nexus 4 too after updating to android 1) If anyone knw a solution for it do tell in the review section!!!
Very good looking mobile. need to test and explore more...
Got my Micromax android one ... Problem with this .... Even Can'nt set a music file to Ringtone.... No File Manager... Low Internet connectivity with Same service provider & same location ... Its BullShit.... Going to Return it ... Like other android USB Connectivity looks Different . v can'nt use its internal memory through USB ..which is usual in all Android...... God Knows kya hoga iss Android One ka
The phone offers a very smooth Android experience as promised. My only disappointment with it was the sub-par performance of the speakers.
Awesome smartphone in this price range. Screen Resolution is good. Some application needs to be install. But I will give 5 star ratting.
Superb phone. I have ordered via amazone and received before estimated time. Phone is really cool and good. Thanks
Ok performance not so good as expected. Only good thing is upgraded software nothing else. Poor camera & other features are very basic.
Awesome cell phone. . after using my cell. .. i ordered two more of these Mmx A1's.. Definitely recommended.. Thanx amazing Amazon :)
i got the phone within 3 days of order the phone is good and one should buy it but only one prblm with the back camera design ,the circle colour is getting scrached and getting black over use i thought it was metal but its plastic with metallic colour also the back cover is getting loose i would have given 5 stars if it was sorted and when is back cover for this phone coming i need a full black rubber back cover
Did not like it, the Build of the operating system lacks so many things, user interface was bad, quality of the product looked scampi.
On every download from play store it shows "error 489", problem has not resolved yet.. In my opinion don't buy this phone
I love this mobile. It is the best value for money mobile from micromax. It is really fast and accurate. I enjoy playing this game.
Nice phone with good features at affordable rate. If a good quality accessories are included in offer it would have been excellent
The product is very nice under 6.5 k..but the only problem with the courier service..i order it on 16 sept but still not delivard.
Not up to expectations. It's ringtone subsides after three rings & you miss the call. It does not have feature like File manager.
further to the reviews that i have read, i feel this phone is a joke, 1)consider asus zen phone 4 A450CG will give you a Kit Kat 4.4.4 operating system with corning Gorilla Glass 3, Intel Processor with Hyper Threading Technology with a very good camera Rs 6999 and has got good screen FWVGA Resolution 2) Moto E has corning gorilla Glass 3 and Stock Android 4.4.4. with Snapdragon 200 Processor which is faster than a media tek processor, Bad camara without a flash still good phone for Rs 6999, and this has a very good screen resolution 3) Redmi 1S though it has got snapdragon 400 processor it is shade slower and has got bloatware and bad operating system (MIUI) which is based on Jelly bean 4.3, the upside when we compare these phones is that Redmi 1 S sports 720 P Screen resolution and Snapdragon 400 Processor all these phones come with 1 Gigs of Ram I would recommend Asus Zen Phone 4 A450CG for camera and Processor I would Recommend MOTO E if You are a Fan Of Stock Android I would Recommend Redmi 1 S for Low Cost, 720 P resolution and Best Processor If u want hype of Android one and marketing gimmick of 2 Yrs of Updates go for Micromax Canvas A1
Phone is good in this price. I have got the phone on 17.09.2104. Camera quality is ok , phone is very handy and smooth in usage, only concern is battery if u use phone more for browsing then u get only 6 hrs, in my phone I have network problem and I have placed return request and got confirmation that refund will be done. Overall good phone in this price and andriod one is very good I can rate 3.5 to phone
nicee
Its K
Great
Great
goood
OK...
Good.
Great
Super
Super
Super
Best.
Super
Great
great
Super
Good.
Good.
Super
Super
Awsum
Bogus
Good.
Super
Super
great
Great
Super
super
A_+++
good.
Good.
okkkk
Good!
goood
so so
Goood
Awsum
Good.
Super
super
great
great
Worth
Super
super
worst
Good.
goood
GOOD.
great
ha ha
Great
Worth
super
Super
Gud 1
Super
Super
Super
Battery back up is too worst.I'm not happy about it. In fact I want to change the battery. Also the net speed also too slow.
Good for this price. But it can't make direct video call. Through net you can make video calls only....like Skype, hike etc
The video camera is not working. Now I need to contact support which is what I dreaded when I thought of buying Micromax.
I received the 8GB memory card with the device as said. But did not receive the vouchers. Kindly reply regarding the same
VALUE FOR MONEY
Upset from the fraudness of micromax that it says 4gb internal memory there is no internal memory. the cheater micromax
This is value for money. Features are really good. The best phone in this price range. Speaker is also loud and clear.
Nice mobile last week I update mobile 4.4 to 5.1 lollipop Version but battery life is not more than 8 hours with net
Sir, packet me 200 nhi mila h or mere phone me hamesa front me hamesa red light jali rehti h sir iska MATLAB kya h.
caution : this phone does not have two sensors, gyroscope and accelerometer which other two android one phone have.
Awesommmmmeee Phone... Every one is asking is it a MOTO G??????? I'm impressed !!! Be Indian buy Indian !! Jai Hind
very good smartphone within this price range. Best feature is it's 2 MP secondary camera and 8gb internal memory.
like its name A1,its an A1 phone awesome mobile :) and amazing service from amazon .Thank you very much amazon :)
So nice handset beyond my expectation <Especially micromax Improved lot Coz I also baught Canvas a111 Before
Biggest Issue is you cannot make calls from Wireless Bluetooth headset.. Data Transfer takes a lot of time.
Received 3rd day of placing the order in great condition. Packaging was good, but the box could easily have been atleast 30% smaller. Only downside was that the free screen-protector had three grains on it and when applied to the phone screen, created three small bubbles. Since it is packaged with the phone for free, they should apply the screen-protector in their factory conditions and then ship it... that way the quality control will be better ! The Canvas A1 works out of the box, true to the specifications and very appropriately priced so one can afford the risk of something going wrong. The guaranteed Android updates for 2 years is a great added advantage. And the 8GB memory is a great add-on as well. Device works fast enough for my purposes (phone calls, navigation, whatsapp/facebook/emails, skype-call, photos - clear sound, no irritating lags in screen responses during the first 3 days of usage, I used mainly wi-fi for data). Touch sensitivity is great, the gravity sensor works well and rotates the screen in less than half a second in case of re-orientation. Signal antenna seems ok. Both front and rear cameras work well and the flash is helpful as well although pictures are better when ambient lighting is stronger. Some limited manual exposure option is also available for the camera. Screen resolution quite ok. Light weight, but then the battery is relatively small - exhausts within couple of days of moderate usage... serves the purpose well while it lasts, but a bigger battery would be much better. Android experience is also good... only, it seems everything keeps going to the cloud all the time... your personal device is not all that personal anymore... but I guess that's the order of the day anyway, so will reserve my comments on that. You are more connected... so some business model can emerge out of this eventually... Some more attractive wall-papers, fun-apps and ring-tones could have been loaded by default to enhance the initial charm... yet, is a great package as it is too ! In general, quite satisfied - already placed another order for a friend and will shortly place yet another for my home (waiting to see if a color option comes available so we can distinguish between the two).
Good in software, style. But very poor battery performance.. Very disappointed with battery performance.
At this price its a good product but this phone has poor battery back up. Otherwise all the things are good.
The performance of the phone is very poor. It is sluggish and frequently hangs even with one or two apps open. The audio is extremely poor. It is very difficult to hear without earphones. It has a lot of features but what is the point if it frequently crashes. The only good thing was packaging and prompt delivery.
Good phone . I am using it since last 3 months. No issues till now except it did not got android l till now
Chargin takes 3+ hrs except that everything is satifcatory for android user . Its totaly paisa wasool
Low build quality, sim slot and sd card slots are build very poorly, thanks to amazon for issuing refund
After ordering the phone I searched for its screen guard and cover. I couldn't find any where in amazon. Please help me.
I received this product on 30/09/2014 and facing some heating problem and quality of voice is vary poor
nowa days other makers even supply these features with a free flip cover and 8 megapixel rear camera.
Its awesome. Thin, Light and sturdy. A perfect blend for housewives. Not made for experts.
Oh my goodness.. I am flabbergasted by what i got for Rs.6000 . Nothing more to say, just go for it..
Certain features which we are accustomed in a mobile are missing, but basic functions are excelkent.
phone is not working who to i send back my phone or how to repair my phone. it is showing no command
poor quality
Phone functionality is very good but the device generates heat after 10 to 15 min conversation.....
product is good but special coupon is not received with consignment. kindly do needful and provide.
A feature rich budget smart phone with Googles software updates. Best in the Android one platform.
It don't have file manager and also can' t install play store aaps . what can I do now.. Pls reply
good
Good
nice
good
Nice
good
Good
good
Nice
awsm
nice
good

Good
good
good
Nice
Nice
Good
good
Good
good
good
Nice
GOOD
Good
good
good
Good
Good
Nice
Nice
good
NICE
good
Good
fine
Good
good
9/10
good
good
NICE
GOOD
Good
Good
Good
nice
good
Good
Nice
good
Good
Nice
Good
nice
good
Good
nice
good
Good
Good
good
Good
good
Nice
good
best
Good
good
Good
Nice
Good
good
Good
Good
good
good
nice
Nice
Good
Good
good
Fine
good
Good
good
GOOD
good
good
Good
Good
Good
Good
Good
good
Goog
nice
Nice
Good
Good
Good
Good
good
Good
Good
good
good
Good
good
Good
Nice
Good
good
good
GOOD
GOOD
good
Good
GOOD
Good
nice
best
Good
good
Good
good
good
nice
Good
Good
good
good
good
good
Good
GOOD
Nice
Awsm
Good
nice
Good
Good
nice
nice
Good
nice
nice
nice
Cool
Good
GOOD
fine
good
good
Good
Good
Good
Best
Good
Good
good
Good
Best
good
Good
Good
Nice
Good
good
Nice
Good
Good
Good
good
Good
good
Nice
Good
Good
nice
good
good
Nice
Good
nice
nice
nice
Good
good
NICE
Nice
good
Good
100%
Nice
Good
good
good
Good
Good
Good
Good
good
GOOD
Good
Good
fair
good
Good
Good
good
Good
Good
good
good
good
Good
Good
Nice
Good
Good
good
Nice
Good
Good
nice
Good
Good
good
Good
Good
Good
good
Good
good
Good
Good
Nice
Nice
Nice
Good
Best
Good
Good
GOOD
good
good
Cool
nice
good
nice
nice
Good
Best
Good
Nice
Nice
good
nice
Good
Good
best
Good
Good
good
1 no
Best
Fine
GOOD
Good
Good
nice
Good
GOOD
Nice
Nice
good
Nice
good
Good
Good
good
Gudd
good
Good
Good
good
good
good
good
good
Nice
Good
GOOD
best
Best
good
Nice
nice
Good
Good
Good
good
Good
Good
Nice
Good
good
Good
Good
Good
Good
good
Good
Nice
nice
Awsm
Good
Good
nice
Best
Superb service by amazon received less than 30 hours. Superb phone features.running very smooth.
I did not get the "Free Coupons worth Rs.2000 on Watches, Shoes & more". Please reply
The best mob any1 could get for 6500 bucks, GURANTEED. Jus love it, except the ANDROID 1 is unfortunately Micromax Overall amazing worth for money, has notification light 2,, damn my old samsung S4 mini dint have one,,,,, fck sam,,, middle fingers ..!..
Speaker is not of good quality. Inadequate volume. Not able to listen call & music properly.
no gift coupons in the box its fake, i don't know why? but the smart phone looking so good.
I Extremly Love it Micomax Canvas A1 wth Android One.!!! As Per My Old Lenovo A369i Custom Root Phone. It is a much desirable android mobile. Have anyone Root this phone..?? if it had root permission than tell me there where problem after root or not...??
This phone has not the faciality to make caller ringtone from any song or from memory card.
everything ok.where is my freebies ie.2200 worth gift cards and 10% cash back and etc.....
It hots up within 10 minutes of usage/talking, battery backup very poor barely 2 hrs
According to price and function its a tremendous device, All application adoptable,
Great mobile for the price range..best of all mobiles in the price range of below 10K..
Value for money phone..till now working very fine..lets see how it fares against time.
Reduce the price of this phone Karbonn Sparkle V One is jst Rs.5999 at snapdeal
Only one wo deserver..Awesome..Awesome a and Awesome...!Go for it without thinking.
It has a problem of bluetooth.It shows but doesn't connect and share files or data.
Though rich in feature , the battery is very weak and takes More time to recharge..
I got the product at the right time. But no cash back was done on my account.
Best phone for best price The camera in day tim was representing a dslr....!
Its Good But As You Say About Gift Card I Don't Receive Any Gift Card Worth 2000
Canvas A1 is the first Android One handset from Micromax. Awesome Phone and Phone is Runs Stock Android Kitkat. Smooth and Fast, no lag while opening any app.
I am not able to receive file / song / through Bluetooth As the phone look good on day 1, but if I am not able to receive anything thru Bluetooth then what is the use Remaining review after using it further
no reboot option, no file manager, android has better features than android one
I m using this phone its worth in this price for more detail ring on 9888270557
The Best Budget smartphone. Thank you Amazon for giving the best at low price.
Loving the product..amazing offering by the partnership of google and micromax
Shop me 7000 no memory card bt Amazon pe 6499/10%cash back=5800+2000ke cupens
Finally I feel that Redmi 1S has got a competition with Canvas A1 launch. Good specs and decent price. But why did this phone not sell in 3-4 seconds like Redmi 1S does?
Every thing is good except the battery backup. It should be around 2000 mAh
Pure battery back up while using internet.outerline of back camera changed.
Where is gallery and file manager. ...unable to find things plz someone help
I missing gift voucher worth rs. 2000 as describe in offer...pls do needful
Sexy mobile looks like mini nexus 5 awesome features except battery back up
Good for money, screen look too dull compare to other phone at this price.
Best with 6 months free subscription in Airtel for app and software update
mobile working only 22 days then fault I think this is not a good product
Very nice product Amazon not given to me 2000 worth gift coupons why.
Nice phone it is worth .but failed to give gift Copoun worth Rs 2000/-
Micromax Canvas A1 android one mobile is very excellent mobile due to its advance features and competitive rates.But till date some accessories like flip cover is not available at amazone.
Not functioning good at all every time low battery Some times hang
Amazing gadget keep world in your pockets with amazing affordable price
yeh jo card apne mobile ke sath diya hia mobile mein shoe hi nahi kar raha hai aur usb pc se connect kar raha hun to kuch bhi show nahi ho raha hai plzzz kuch kare is bare ....!!!
i hatve ordered micromax a1 and eaferly waiting for it with free bees
gud
wah
NO1
wow
gud
Ok.
Wow
4/5
gr8
Rea
OK.
ok.
Gud
gud
vow
Osm
yes
gud
Wow
Gud
Ordered this for an elderly uncle of mine. He is very happy with it.
worthful phone for this price tag. performing like a high end phone.
got only free 8 gb memory card and screen guard not the free coupons
Its an exceptional phone with very good specs.....It feels premium, looks are also good. Does not lag at all..runs all apps smoothly..display is rich..touch is also good..
SD Card given with Mobile Not working. I want immediate exchange.
If you are buying this phone for Update from Google, forget it ..
Donot go for this product after few days you cannot download any app using wifi. You will get error 489. It is probably a common problem for all Android One devices.
The a1 is good but battery drawback i s worst thing in world....
build quality feels really cheap.....gets little heated after a while.... charging is quick...processing is of lightning speed Kudos for that....average camera, but its fine cauz lets face it you need to post the pics on facebook or instagram with stupid filters at the end of the day....speakers are gud...not great but gud...OVERALL... 6000 bucks....pretty good deal actually
as a first time user , the phone looks great at this price...
Nice phone. Easy to carry. Good to handle. Good battery life
Nice phone..!! but its handfree sound quality is very poor..
Got this mobile for my dad. So far good without any issues.
Good phone at this range....... Special ially 1gb ram
I am very satisfied with the camera, but not good for 3g.
mobile is good but some default application are missing.
battery requires frequent recharge. Needs replacement.
Some of important apps are missing likw flashlight etc
This mobile is latest model, camera and net all super.
What about battery back up..? Or can I go for moto E ?
Good service from amazon. Decent phone for the price.
This android nobile is good but its battery backup is weak.....it has 1700 mah which is not enough for a android mobile...
Its a good phone only battery backup is not so good.
Phone is good deal with AirTel's free app download n update support n all d offers. A1 is a good entry-level smartphone as such Android One project uses d superb architecture developed by Google itself. This phone also does lacks in some of specifications but each device has its own limitations like Asus 4.5 doesnot have a light sensor which is annoying as well as wi-fi reception is poor and RedMi 1S is for d Luckiest b'coz of their exclusivity. Phone's Build quality is made for daily use. Only thing missing is d screen protection; but a good quality screen protector can cover that up. Above average phone for average guys !
awesome phone in this price range , totally love it
all the options at this affordable price. good ph,
Excellent phone. No leg to open any apps. Must buy
Got a defective product which blue tooth ,internal storage and memory card slot is not at all working and apps are crashing in the middle.Called to the micromaxx store nd described my problem and he said if the phone has to be replaced,they cant do it as it was bought online.If i ask for refund i will get it for sure but i ll loose cash back offer bcoz of that cash back offer the phone had become cheaper than REDMI 1S. Product replacement was not there in amazon. I expected a lot but now very disappointed .Instead of it i could have gone for Redmi 1s.IF i could get the cash back offer that would be good .
Awesome
This is best but doesn't support Punjabi language
well great initiative as we get regular updates through these phones!! the specs seem pretty good for the price!! a quad core processor and 1gb ram is great!! we cant say anything and this is not a review as i havent used the phone!! but seems pretty good!!
Very Upset from this product...waste of money/..
Really its worst product.. Plz don't buy :( cheaper phone doesn't mean compromise with basic functionality.
DELIVERY :- This phone was delivered to me in 2 days of placing order ( Super Fast ) , But the packing was so poor that i can't tell , so zero points to AMAZON for that. Verdict :- In delivery FLIPKART wins. IN THE BOX QUALITY :- In the box i got the Headset, Battery, Charger, Screen protector, earphone and User Manual. The only complaint here is about the Earphone , which was of average quality ( Through better than my MOTO E ) everything else was nice. Verdict :- AndroidOne HANDSET QUALITY :-The handset looks good but i think moto e is more study and has better grip, through the coin style camera in AONE impressed me. Also , The Phone is way lighter than MOTO E Verdict :- Tie CAMERA :-The Camera in both phones are OK ( You cant expect more at this price point ), but the rear camera was better in MOTO E and Flash adds to its power and lack of front camera in Moto E is a point to ponder. Verdict :- AONE is clearly the winner here. SOFTWARE :- This is a thing were ( Surprisingly ) MOTO E gives a competition to AONE. I Said surprisingly because this phone ( The ANDROID ONE ) will get guaranteed software updates for 2 years, But MOTO E is also great in terms of update will also get ANDROID L. But one thing i noticed is that MOTO E, Through being a KITKAT device from 1st day , was having a JELLY BEAN style Launcher which looks old. Verdict :- AONE wins but with only a small margin SPEED AND UI :- Both phones are fast and bloat free , but as i said earlier , MOTO E launcher is old style , so AONE UI is MORE better and puts a difference ( Making it more faster ) but don't think that MOTO E is slow its also amazingly fast, but the amount of free RAM in MOTO E is somewhat less. Verdict :- AONE WINS BATTERY :- This is a point where MOTO E has a clear win , its battery life is out of this world , even with very heavy usage (And internet always on that too H+ ) it can take out a full day but AONE will need a charger in evening. DISPLAY :- AONE SOUND :- MOTO E OVERALL VERDICT :- AONE WINS :) Verdict :- MOTO E WINS WITH NO DOUBT
i received this phone on 20 sep. frstly i wolud just like to mention that the phone is awesome. earlier too i have a android phone but still i purchased this micromax canvas A1. PROS: THE PHONE IS VERY SLIM IN DESIGN IT HAVE A SMOOTH TOUCH CAMERA IS ALSO FAIR ENOUGH AT THIS PRICE. ITS UPGRADED WITH LATEST TECHNOLOGY AND WILL CONTINUE TO BEAT OTHERS PHONES . ITS FRONT CAMERA IS ALSO GOOD ENOUGH IT CAME WITH A FREE SCREEN GUARD 8GB FREE MEMORY CARD WITH THE PHONES WAS ALSO A GOOD DEAL HEADPHONES ARE TOO FAIR ENOUGH WITH GOOD SOUND QUALITY CONS; CANT SAY ANYTHING ABOUT BATTERY BUT UNTIL NOW ITS PERFORMANCE WAS GOOD TO LAST 6-7 HOURS A DAY. I FEEL SO IT TAKES LONG TIME TO GET COMPLETELY CHARGED AS I MENTIONED THAT I HAD ANDROID IN USE EARLIER STILL I PURCHASED THIS BECAUSE I LOVED EVERYTHING IN IT. ITS A GOOD DEAL AT AMAZON. I HAVE GOOD POINTS FROM OTHERS WHO HAD A LOOK OVER THE PHONE. WILL SURELY RECOMMEND THE PHONE TO EVERYONE WHO ARE LOOKING TO GO FOR IT. LASTLY WILL MENTION BEST WISHES TO MICROMAX :)
Worst
dfgddfg fddfgdgdfd dfgdg
No protection for screen. It can broke easily.
Good product but camera is a bit low quality.
Overall a good phone with great budget price.
It's very best product as compare with price.
best android one phone comparing the other 2
Its just a nice phn and i love to operate it
wonderfully working no issue at all., thanks
This product is very good. Camera is awesome
I brought this mobile yday, doing some UAT on this .. Pros ******* *) Mobile comes with latest Android version. *) UI and processor looks good . ( Note :- I didn't play high end games) *) Battery backup is good. Cons ******* * ) Mobile is not worth for this price.. we can expect this for 4k. *) Only Brand Name is Micromax - Actually the product is China mobile. Each and every part was manufactured in CHINA. *) Wifi Problem - If you disconnect the wifi, after some hours, if you connect again , wifi-networks not listed, you need to go back and come to the screen to list the Networks. *) FM Radio- Even though i had connected the headset and hearing songs. When we go to FM-Radio it show - "Please plug headset ..." Conclusion ************** Not worth for this price. Compare to REDMI this is good.
The logistic system (courier) is very poor.
Regret coz there is no File manager folder.
The battery is too weak.It took 4 hrs to get charged on the 1st day and dried in 5 hrs without any use.On the second day it dried in 5 hrs after using it hardly for 30 minutes.Today is the third day of use. I have fully charged it and am sure after 4 hrs with minimum use it will get dried.I want to replace the battery as(1) it takes 4 hrs for charging and (2) gets dried even with minimum use.Hope you will respond. Dr.S.G.Palsodkar Pune,Maharashtra
Exciting for this one pure android experience!!!
Good phone overall. Only problem is it doesn't have a file manager. Unable to view file folder
phone switch off while connect the charger
Avg phone...red me 1s is betterr than this
very nice product, waiting for sbi refund.
It is really more worth compared to price.
Ok
Ok
ok
:)
no
Ok
ok
Hi
Ok
ok
ok
OK
Ok
Ok
Nc
ok
ok
ok
hi
Ok
ok
OK
ok
Ok
Ok
Dear Buyers, I bought this phone a week before and after using it, I realized that this phone is absolutely useless. I had great expectation from our own Indian Manufacturer, MIcromax. Hence I bought this phone. But soon I realized it that, this phone cannot be used easily. Pro.: 1) Latest Androin OS, 2) Processor is fast 3) LED Flashlight is good Cons: 1) Worst battery back up does not last more that 3 hours (when using both SIMs, and internet) 2) Very compact and uneasy keypad 3) Weak display 4) Very bad reception with frequent call drops and connectivity issues. 5) Internet connection does not work on 3G ( always connect on Edge) 6) Loudspeaker is very weak. 7) Call clarity is very poor. And all thanks to amazon, I have returned this product. Absolutely waste product.
EXCELLENT PHONE AS WELL AS ITS PRICING...
You cannot set your ringtone on this phone. There are only few in-built. That's pathetic.
good phone it look premium in hands
not satisfied with battery performance.
Good phone value for money, high speed,
Best phone at this price .. worth a buy
I am not able to access my phone memory
only minus point is......no flip cover
Worth value for money.....Get one soon
Very good product with cheap price....
It takes a lot of time to deliver the product plz deliver them in short schedule
can any body tell where can we get case for Micromax Canvas A1 - Flip flap case
Sir, As expected as good, Awesome Design, and very light device, this handset Made by Chaina, as languages display to the back site of inserted battery, but some problem issues there is no File Manager, no colors in setting display, no colors changing as four color display in SIM card signal display only white, in build memory is use only for apps, can't set default memory for apps & other, battery capacity is very low its down within 3 or 4 hour without any Net usage or calling. & camera is like 2 MP quality of rare camera, I want to gift somebody, I have no time to study of technical issue otherwise how can gifted. Please suggest me within two day's. Ravindra My number is 9224550550 Thanks & Regards Ravindra
best phone i ever seen in this price.
On 18th november I got this mobile and using for past 7days. I got lot of problems with this product, 1.poor battery backup. 2.For 100% charging it takes 3hrs . 3.mobile hangsup while playing games. 4.If ur mobile is placed flat means then you cant able to find that your phone is ringing or not because the speaker is at the rear end. 5.All the above drawbacks will be experienced by everyone. 6.The major problem am facing is that my phone's mike has gone today & if i want to speak means i have to put loudspeaker for taking. . . 7.If you want to waste your money then you can go for this product MICROMAX CANVAS A1. 8.Finally i suggest not to buy this phone . .plz go for MOTO E which is far better then this.
Grea phone but I have not got the 2000rs voucher that i was supposed to get.
it's not working. Sim network not registered even after inserting micro sim
Amazing phone in 6499 .Happy with it
Must buy. Best phone in this range..
Its really nice phone,I just love it
Its really smart and excellent piece
WHAT TO WAIT FOR... IT GOOGLE GOOGLE GOOGLE EVERYBODY SHOULD GO FOR IT..... THE INDIAN SMART PHONE MARKET IS GOING TO ROCK IN THIS DIWALI...
Not that much good that I expected
I couldn't access internal memory.
Good Phone.... Go for Buy it......
Best product at reasonable price.
battery back up is to be improve.
Not suitable flip cover available
A wonderful phone for this price.
Totally So nice thanks to amazon
lena mt 2 din me khrab ho jata h
awesome phone..worth the money..
Good mobile for budget peoples..
it is worth,i prefer this phone!
I can't download any play store apps..but everything is superb..
Worst company ever..dont buy it
Best phone for this Price......
bakwas phone no video calling..
Best Mediatek phone ever used!!
Awesome mobile, you can buy it.
Wow... Happy with the product..
Phone lacks basic things like gallery and there are many other bugs. Android One project is going to be a huge failure if they are going to release this quality phone. Here's the Bugs 1) Unable to receive any files using bluetooth except from micromax phone. 2) Superbeam wifi direct mode not working. 3) Display is of poor quality, unite 2 feels better imo. 4) Navigation bar feels laggy some time doesn't respond quickly. I'm not having any good feeling about this phone. I'm sure A1 is not going to last long as micromax always build low quality phones.
This does not have good bettry
It hangs occasionally........!
BEKAR PRODUCT BATTERY DRAINAGE
Excellent phone.No complaints.
jakkas mobile for middle class
2 problems people will face with this device... 1. 4GB internal Memory 2. 1700mah battery. If these 2 things can be corrected then i think this would one of the best budget device anyone can opt for...
Bought it as a gift for my mom.. Pathetic amazon delivery took 8 days to deliver! After turning it on, I noticed that the battery would take 4-5 hours for charging and would completely drain itself within 2-3 hours, that too on standby mode. I charged the phone 100% at night and when in the morning I tried switching it on, It just wont start. Battery had drained completely, don't know how?! Returned the phone immediately to amazon and now awaiting refund! I urge everyone to not buy this phone, as the battery drains completely on standby mode even when not in use.
Best phone in the price range
Good one in this price range.
SD card 8 GB found defective.
Good display. Battery is bad.
Really good phone go for it.
I think mmx Unite 2 is better than mmx A1 Android one,
kindly send me my gift card.
Nice phone for its price....
Good Phone. Value for Money.
Got the phone yesterday. Have been playing around with it and its pretty good. Battery lasts for a day which is good. The build quality though not the best its on the well off side. The OS is clean with out the unnecessary software. This might be a problem for so people as they may not know what all to install. A guide/ presentation on the basics would have been great like how to use the play store . On the whole a good starter phone.. Worth the price tag. Con's: camera could be better. Again this is a starter phone.
Excellent mobile in this price range I have ordered on 17th received on 20th in 3 days it comes with 8 GB memory card and screen protector gallery missing phone not allows to copy music or video memory card to phone memory no Otg support headset sound low compared to moto e .except this options performance games running smoothly with fi working well 3 g speed good . I have buyed first product from micromax speed wise OK new added features of google android one comes with latest 4:4 kit kat. Camera clarity nice flash is low.
Good product in Price range
Very poor quality, not detecting Sim and video & music stops in between itself. defective memory card slot. No option for File manager. No option for third party App installer. can't click pics without memory card. settings options are uneasy, inconvenient. nothing good in android one series. lots of options are available in market in that price even Redmi S1 is much better in all features. Look and hardware design is China Mobile quality. Amazon should stop dealing with Micromax.
1. This is an excellent phone which is more or less equivalent to high end phones except the camera. 2. Its operating manual is not available anywhere. Though it is almost one month old with me, 3. I am unable to know how to call from SIM 1 or SIM 2. 4. The phone does not pair with some very popular blue tooth head phones. 5. Quality of headphones supplied is very poor in quality and I get echo sound 6. Till today I am unable to know how to take a selfie though this phone has a front camera
very nice mobile i love it
Simply Best in Low Price..
Battery is only concern...
Best mobile at low cost...
I got the phone on the 3rd day after booking. It seems nice on first look. But when you use it, you will feel that the materials used are of low quality (case, cam, screen - should have a better screen). I have a major issue. The speaker volume while calling is very low. I am unable to hear what the person from other end tells. Using of headset is on option, but thats not enough. Amazon/Micromax should have to do something urgently to solve this issue. It should have cost only 5500/-
hang ho r h handset mera.
Best phone in this range.
not up to my expectation
this is very fast mobile
needs lots of improvement...waste of money.
Basically this is a very useless product. After 1 week the battery is getting dried up even without using the phone for 5mins. My sincere suggestion is don't buy this useless product. Now I need to run around the customer support fellows. Micromax and amazon sucks!!!!! I don't know why amazon like a big companies are giving ads all around the city for this useless, bull s*** product. By doing this amazon is degrading their popularity......
Battery not good at all
One of the worst phones
Its good for less price
value for money is 100%
please check for hardware compatibility
Nothing special to say
very nice at this cost
Got a damaged product.
very fast and andvaced
worst phone ever released by micromax
Excellent performance
coupins are not given
very good phone.....
i bought this phone on amazon its very cheap piece . which has very poor battery backup , its also do,not have simple features like File manager , u can not set your personal ringtone to this model , it has Bluetooth difficulty ... an so on.. over all this is not complete phone , in which way it was marketed....... I will suggest all my friends donot bye this phone
Got delivery today..phone is no doubt awesome the 5MP camera clarity is very good even in low light but i'm facing some kind of freaky problem when i connect the stock micromax headphone while listening song the equalizer is working properly but the surrround effect and bass boost effect are getting disabled!! Are you guys facing the same problem??!!
It is not so good .
Good nahi vary good
awesome phone......
Value for money....
Nice phone . Super smooth even after a weeks use. The internal storage available is 2gb which is too low and cannot install big apps/games. Hope android L update would let you move/install apps directly on the SD card. Nice camera for this price. Overall it's a good buy in this price range. Just worried about the after sales service of Micromax.
I have received this phone yesterday ,the packaging was good .Here was some of things i noticed: Pros: 1)It has a great touch sensitivity 2)The screen is great and neat with great pixel quality 3)The camera is average but at that right intensity of light it captures crisp quality images 4)Love the android 4.4.4 5)The rubbery feel gives quite a good grip Cons: 1)Google Play Music is crashing everytime i open 2) My laptop is unable to detect the phone Overall at this price range its a great phone to buy
K
-
.
.
is looks so decent
Nice budget phone.
Facing hanging problem.more then 6 time in a day
I bought micromax a1 last week through amazon but im not satisfied in qualities of camera, sd slot nd display, My friend bought micromax canvas which was earlier model to a1, he bought at showroom. I found a lot of diff in quality and sd card slots and display I suggest buying phones at showroom after clean review.
the best phone at this range
good start but should include a 720 p display
excellent product
not upto the mark
Please lost down all the specs of the phone inorder to avoid confusion!
Got Yesterday my mobile.Excellent delivery service from Amazon. The phone is very good looking and very smooth in accessing.Overall features are quite good.Well after one day's experience I've found only 4 features are not so good. 1.camera quality 2.headphone and sound quality 3.battery draining hugely while using wifi 4.download speed is very slow while downloading from playstore using wifi. Otherwise everything is quite ok because it is under 6.5k.
Excellent Mobile
Very nice mobile
Bluetooth defect
Good performance
This Mobile is Design is Good, But in this There is No file explorer, & No Gallery is there, No Music Player, but all this 3 things can be downloaded from Play store, & 1 More bad thing is that U cant send any Apps. or Games through Bluetooth, MOBILE is GOOD, Good Camera & Good touch
Pathetic.!!!!! Everytime I try to download anything from play store, it shows error 489.... What the hack...!!!! And it's not only with my handset, my friend is also facing the same problem with it.. Not recommend anyone to buy this handset if it persist so much of errors...
Anodr worst investment of mine after nokia lumia 520, shouldnt trust micromax. Wi-fi require restart every 2 minutes, cam not as good as it shud, no- sound quality. Shud have spent more bucks on a establishd brands then this faker. Dont know if wi-fi problem is with this device or with kitkat 4.4.4. If amazon people reading this then shame on you guys how can you live peacefully by fooling around. I should get my money back.
ddasdasdasdasda
Kharab phone he
Value for money
Value for money
i like google 1
It has defects.
very good phone
amazing mobile
Rapid delivery from Amazon. Impressive!! phone is sooper smooth, No heating.. everything good.. best budget, nice battery backup but how to activate new airtel sim 6 month app nd update free nd how many days sbi card 10% cashback added to my account?? please rply
Didn't get the product yet but know that it will be a faadu mobile....I have used many android mobile and very excited to use Android One..There are lots of advantages and disadvantages in this mobile but hope Google will try to manage them in next launches..
I facing problem with my internal storage,it is showing just 2.27 gb app momory,i cant access its phone memory for data storage,even if connected to pc,it is showing just sd card momory,not showing phone momory,is it common problem all of u facing..plz help ?
Worth of Price
Phone is aawesome with its price range. Service by amazon is appriciable . Little bit camera quality dull & when you switching between primary to front camera , sometimes its flash light stopped working . but overall phone is good .
your dell vostro 3546 Lap top is not working with battery. (because battery not charging when it had connected with AC ) so please be replace the battery or otherwice you have advised to nearest authorized service centre
Phone is really good easy to use . good display voice quality and camera quality is good in this price range . but I am facing some problems GPS not work . when I have try to delete sim messages suddenly messaging app crash .
amazing phone
Good product.
Very nice....
goood product
A good phone at this price. I have given 4 stars because I havent got my hands on it but I have ordered one. Redmi 1S is better in terms of power but you cant buy that easily. ALSO it has stock android so will get updated faster. So 4 stars is a realy nice rating for this smartphone. I will use it as my secondary device.
I never purchase micromax only google supporting this comany , I have purchased this disaster. Third class battery within 5 hour full charged battery getting low up to 47% on standby mode WiFi was off not any single app opened. Third class product my biggest mistake I have purchase this Disaster.
nice product
good product
Good product
Good pradakt
Nice product
I have still not received the promised coupons worth Rs 2000/- nor the lucky draw has been announced yet for coupons worth Rs 10000. Also it does not support loop simcard so loop users kindle be aware.
dont even waste ur time by researching which mobile to buy, just grab it, its a value for money. specs match with so called quality brands mobiles of Rs.20000. and even it comes with latest s/w.
I got Canvas A1 with Android one after 5 days ordered. I eagerly opened seal, inserted my airtel sim and Switch On Phone. But I disappointed very badly because the phone was struck In Welcome Screen at language selection option. I did not get any Icons, Home Screen, Menu. I am not satisfied with my first purchase of Android phone In e-portal site. But the delivery of Amazon company nice.
Extradinary
Excellent..
fon is good
nice one...
Perfecto (:
hi its good
There is nothing Indian about this phone. I like this phone, but those people who are thinking that they are being patriotic while buying a phone from an Indian company are fools. There are no IC, LCD or Li ion battery manufacturing facilities in India. These are just imported and might have been assembled in India just like the HAL Tejas. But ultimately the profits go to the importers/distributors for any product. If you want to be more patriotic, then stop yourself/others from peeing on the roadsides.
Jus superb
Good phone
This is very good phone as per the price. I m using it science the last three months and did not face any problem. Baterry backup is good, camera clarity is also good both front and back.FM recording clarity and net speed is very good. Thank u micromax for manufacturing good phone with cheapest price among the smart phones.
It's good.
Nice phone
nice phone
its a very good product... but i have ordered on 18th but today only i got it amazon... 4 days feel very bad... internal memory only 2.7.. nice...
I got a defective piece,could not connect to any network, some hardware problem.How can a boz paxk piece be defective dont they check their products. Thoroughly disappointed. Micromax products are really very low quality ones.Thanks to amazon the product is being refunded.
Specs are good. Wonder how battery will respond to this much processing power and features. What about SAR value why is that not listed in specification. Can comment more only when i use the phone.
Nice product
This is a good start for Android 1. But at 6999, moto E definitely would give you a better mobile with better display. And it is sure to get Android L too. More over micromax is the first partner. There are many more including HTC, Lenovo etc., I can probably wait for one of those. And 2 years of updates is just a marketing stunt as far as I know. I have used mobiles that have given me updates for more than 20 months and I am happy with them. And do you really want to get stuck with a mobile with this resolution for 2 years ? given the rate at which ppi is going, this is already out dated for a screen that you would be looking at for most part of the day. People, please think twice before buying this. (even at a rate of 6499). Thank you.
Very good
excellent
Excellent
very good
Excellent
nice book
excellent
Satisfied
Its an awesome phone. Don't think of any other brand. Just go for it Specially because of offers provided by amazon. got 10% cashback :)
I have problem with this product. I can't install even a single app. From play store. And also my device doesn't have file manager. And can't received a Single app by Bluetooth.
This was clubbed with my micromax anaroid onephone, but the flip cover is too big for the phone. Whay was I misguided by amazon??/
I unable to receive any applications from any other phones through bluetooth. This happening only in this model. Can anybody help me out. 'm using my app sharer application my other phone xperia to send.
Good..:)
GOOD ONE
good one
its good
Omstudio
The product's good but can't download apps which are more than 2 Mb in play store otherwise i would have given a five star
Value for Money and interestingly good for senior citizens who are not up to latest gadgets requiring good manoeuvring.
Nice product. Working smooth. No issue found yet. Price is reasonable and I am happy with it. Thank you Amazon...
Phone is heating , battery back up is very poor...micromax's hardware is poor. Google's KitKat version Is gr8
I received this phone today.. But there is no gift card inside the box.. Is this offer not for all purchasers?
Good for entry level but is it better than xiaomi redme1s.? Battery should be up? Android one team congrats
The battery backup Micromax Canvas A1 is average .Promising one,but i would rather choose unite 2 for its internal memory and size .
phone is good......i am having issue with the 8 gb memory card....which gave it for free.....the memory is not recognizing...and screen guard is also not that much good.....
I am not able to download any app from play store and that's the only problem I am having now
USB unrecognised,file manager is missing, memory card cant be accessed via mobile in the laptop, no games preinstalled
I like
Nice 1
4 star
have to disconnect and reconnect wifi again and again, Sound goes blank while on call.. battery is ok
play store is not work properly. playstore is not able to download facebook whatsapp.
In this no application of file manager and gallary and nosoftware of set a ringtone of any songs
Again, dirty product from Micromax.... i have done biggest mistake to purchase micromax.....
Good product,some problem found in handset,All types of memory card not supported.
great deal good competition between low end fone specialy Google android1 launch 4 india
A totally New Kinda phone... Packs a punch... Plus the Offers... Are awesome
SUPER
It is not easly operating likr music play file manager gsllery not found
give my voucher worth rupees 2000 which you did not send with canvas Ai
Really a Must buy mobile Great buy at dis price range with google support
Booked yet to receive but very anxious and positive should be very useful
Received on 20th September. A good product from micromax with google.
I bought the mobile to gift it to my wife on her birthday. I was really happy with the looks of the mobile. However gradually I realised the facts. It's apps are hidden and most of the apps needs to down loaded. It's not having a file manager and handling is not very easy. The most difficult part is the battery. It automatically drains even though there is no usage of music/ net/ video / games. There were also issues with The worst part is the phone doesn't support GPRS or data connectivity . My service operator clearly told me this phone will not support any 2g/3G connection as it not enabled to use so,. I cross checked with other service providers and the result were same. It was really a very harrowing experience as forget about auto purgation to Android L it doesn't support a 2g data also. What is the point of having such a greats features if the phone is unable to perform its basic job. I am returning the set and hopefully Amazon returns my hard earned money on priority. I don't have any complain against amazon for the product , however would appreciate if they take it with Micromax, as the whole day I can't reach the service centre no of Micromax. I presume with so many complains they are bogged down with pressure n thus the lined are always busy. People warned me against buying from micromax, how ever it's I who decided for going for an Indian company which resulted in such a big embarrassment .,. Micromax if you do not I,prove your product testing and service quality very soon you will also loose your market share for sure. as other players are also replicating your business model.
"Free Coupons worth Rs.2000 on Watches, Shoes & more" Missing.
its amazing product from amazon.. simply superb for low price
ANY ONE WANTS TO BUY I AM SALING MY 1 WEEK OLD A1 FOR 5000
Google play music crashes when I go to my library in it ..
What about charger and ear phone, does the come with box?
Good
good
nice
good
Good
good
Best
Nice
nice
Good
Nice
good
good
good
I ordered it on 19 sep .Amazon promise me to get delivered by 6.oct.But i got it earlier on 24 sep.Thanks to amazon. The advantages of Micromax A1 are : —> From the leading mobile giant of India (Micromax). —> Get latest Android OS updates as soon as they are released. —> Support of native languages like Hindi. —> 35 GB free Google drive storage. —> Free data bundles from network providers like Airtel. —> Beautiful wooden like platform on rear camera. The disadvantages of Micromax Canvas A1 are —> Poor battery life. —> Average Camera. —> Poor hardware components. But over all good budget smart phone compared to other smartphones in that range
If i will get my order i will definitely rate you -ve.
Guys wat is SAR value of this MMX A1 Phone. Pls help
Awesome....Nothing to say just Jr. Nexus !!! :)
there is no option of file manager,gallery etc..
I was a bit reluctant to buy a micromax phone, but decided to go ahead as Google was backing it. The battery Quality of the phone is very very poor. On a Standby mode the battery lasts not more than 12 hours ! At Rs 6500 , it is very poor when compared to its peers like Moto E. Pathetic Battery life. Already asking Amazon to return the item. Whatever OS be , micromax manufacturing Quality is very very poor. Don't go for micromax , instead wait for Tier 1 manufacturers coming up with android one.
Wifi Problem. Disconnects after sometime. Need to restart to connect again. Thought as this is an Android One phone and direct from Google it won't have issues but here we have the basic issue of Wifi which is one of the most important functionality for a smart phone. Wonder if the new Lollipop update will fix the issue. Also Android one claimed wrongly that these phones will be getting the first updates of latest software but instead Nexus has got the top priority for updates. Feel cheated all the way.
The offer details added to this product is making customers to bluff kind of ( ex: Free Strontium 8GB MicroSDHC Memory Card. View this) This indicates that you will be receiving 8GB SD card but when you click the link following to that, it shows that you need pay 205 INR, after discount price. Better Amazon can place add on offers in clear and meaningful way and not to confuse customers!!!!!!!!!
A good phone except 4gb rom and battery.
Nice Phone !!!!! It looks good.
Worst mobile gets heated too slowe
Very nice phone....very fast's...
I have ordered this mobile for simplicity and small 4.5" screen. This is to simple I.e. even I can not set my default storage to sdcard. What is the fun for having sdcard. Second total length is almost equal to 4.7" mobile as lot of unused hardware space is availabe which should not be. That is why I am returning this phone. I can sacrifice SD card but not size.
Wifi is not working properly.
yeah this is the Real ''ONE''
Some Problem This Photo 1- Camera Quality Very Bed and This Is Not 5mp Camera - Zoom Very Very Bed 2- Sound Quality bed '---- headset Very Very Bed 3 - Fm Quality Not Good 4 - Battery recharge Long Time And Back Up :P ,,,,,,, Good Feature 1- Phone Speed Very Good
I purchased this handset on 02-oct 14, within 1 month its going hang and more functions not working, images not opened. After complaint at Amazon no favorable response received. I tried lot's of time at MICROMAX call centre number but no buddys take a call. Really that was my bad decision about micromax compare to SAMSUNG AND MOTOROLA handsets.
Don't buy this product. *Heating a lot. *Too much time taking for charging *Airtel offer for prepaid users only.
Nice And Brilliant Project from Google Hope In future They Can Get Snapdragon & Few Famous Mobile Brand Too for this project. Overall phone is best for suitable price with suitable specification as given .
poor quality mobile
In 6500 rs u can get all features in this android.....the GAMING FEATURES ,camera quality....everything is awesome......u can play any game........only problm is Flash.....not so much bright...like samsung galaxy s dous 2
this is best budget phone till now ,,,,,,,,,,, 1) In my opinion the best feature of this phone is the 2 year free software support from Google. Yes Google will be handling all the software related issues and updates which means this is going to get visually awesome Android L update in coming months. 2) Runs Stock Android Kitkat. Smooth and Fast 3) Mtk6582 Quadcore processor - This is a proven chipset and performs well. You can even play many of the HD games in low or medium graphics levels. Same processor can be seen in many other Micromax devices like Canvas Unite 2,Canvas Fire A104 etc 4) 1GB Ram 5) Google recommended On the screen navigation buttons like the ones you see on Nexus devices. but i have ordered this phone on 17 sept (2 pm )....................... when i will receive my product ................... please help me
Very good phone but there's a big catch. It runs only through Airtel Sim. Big disappointment. What do others do, take airtel ??? Now please help me on how do I get airtel card in this scheme.
when i connect my mobile to pc... usb not recognised error comes :( this is sad
It doesn't support Gujarati language. micromax has not customized it for India
I DO NOT RECOMMEND THIS PHONE. Battery drains in a jiffy, Google play store doesn't work as expected, the system crashes now and then. You get better product for this price.
the battery performance it very very bad
GOOD MOBILE
Thank u amazon for such a beautiful phone .the delivery of this phone in just a day was awesome .best phone ever in market
You will recd only phone and memory card, not discount coupen and other coupen, so plz alert about this offer.
WiFi doesnt work. Playstore 489 error. Awful! Please dont buy, i am returning item back to Amazon
YUK!!THIS PHONE IS AWFUL!!! "never go for any local brands like micromax,karbonn or lava,etc"-A LESSON I LEARNT AFTER PURCHASING THE ABOVE PHONE WHICH YOU ARE VIEWING(Micromax Canvas A1 with Android One (Magnetic Black) THE PHONE GETS SUDDENLY SWITCHED OFF FOR NO REASON... ITS BATTERY LIFE IS VERY VERY POOR...I USED WIFI ONLY FOR 1 MINUTE FOR A TEST AND THE BATTERY REDUCED 5% THEN LATER I RETURNED THE COMPLETE PACKAGE TO AMAZON.JUST BECAUSE OF THAT STUPID PRODUCT I ALSO DECIDED NOT BUY ANY PRODUCT FROM AMAZON NOW I HAVE PURCHASED SONY XPERIA M FROM FLIPKART....AND VERY VERY HAPPY WITH THE PRODUCT.
Very low price not very good quality I like it
Product is very good for daily use, amazon is very bad service provider.
Dear Users do ur phone get heated up while playing games in canvas A1
Just bought it and will review later
Dear Friends, I regret on day one itself. I should have gone for proven handset from reputed company. Please don't buy android one Micromax A1 Canvas Handset, it's absolutely Chinese model and one would feel it like typical cheap phone in hand. Fibre body and extremely light weight and feels like TOY in hand while operating. Don't go for Ads and Screen resolution is also not that great. Hardware or body if lasts for 6 months also would be lucky. Only good Point is that it's Powered by Google nothing else, battery back up is also poor. Overall Complete disappointment!! Learn from my Mistake...
i have mmx ninja a89 and ir rocks
@micromax team I'm facing issue while downloading the apps from playstore on my AQ4501.. d speed which I get is 5-10kbps and also I'm unable to use skype on it.. it says network not found when I'm connected to WiFi. Disappointed with this phone.. waste of money..
Nice looking smart phone.
great value for the price
Hgbfv
The fronr camera a VGA cam if u want to buy because of front cam don't even think of it. Shame on MMX people if u can't deliver a 2MP Front cam at this price be honest to say it to ur customers don't play cheap tricks
The Apple 16GB phone has been one helluva disaster of an experience . Purchased at 26500 INR last year - fighting it out with the Apple service dealership when it continued to go into a sleep mode frequently ( no calmpose given , yet !!) - and then the calls would go off indiscriminately despite the best network service of Vodafone in the area. If 3G was on, the signal strength would fall . Ultimately, upon insistence , the dealer changed my Apple 4 device. YET, the signal problem remains and I just cannot go thru a single call without a drop or a terrible voice waiver experience . Not to mention that "No Service" message shows on the screen as one drives thru Delhi - worst is that it does not move back without switching off / on the handset ( despite it being in automatic mode). The answer : inserted SIM card into a discarded Blackberry and since then no call drops or voice clarity problem. And for the Wifi, I activated another mobile number and am using this Apple device for 3G and Wifi only . Now the Android One - Hopefully , this one would solve my problem at a fourth of the cost . Looks a smart one and has the necessary support from Google . The best part is that it is marketed by Micromax , India ( happy to be patriotic) but I know for sure that anything , especially electronic products manufactured here have an edge over others and can easily be bowled over and bowed out if they don't prove their mettle. Look at all the Sony / Whirlpool / Samsung products and even the ACs built here - Believing in the story , I have already ordered one and it gets delivered latest by Thursday the 18th Sep. Will add more after I experience it - reviewing it after one month of use . Each day I use it , I am happy with the experience . By now I have started "showing off" this set to people I meet ( who carry expensive Samsung Galaxy Note , iphone 5 etc ) and I was extremely happy when this big dad checked out my Android One and said he is 'ordering it tomorrow' ........ So far so good and I am quite happy it meets all my requirements - used its GPS features last weekend to go to a party in NCR and I was delighted at the outcome . Responsive and a neat set ................. Cheers praveen k hasija ( ex Wing Commander - IAF ) 9711206802
It's been 3 days product is not dispatched.
Good
good
Nice LOOKING VATTING already ordered
do not buy i bought it yesterday handset heating problem really slow build quality is not good
Excellent Design and Hardware, Google Proved this time even we can able to give low priced device with good quality Thanks Google I received this product 30 hours later from ordered time (I don't know whether Amazon watch has 30 hrs a day) (one day delivery)
its ok , for this price
i am waiting for this mob...
GUYS BILIV ME I M USING THIS PHONE AND ITS. AUSSAM PHON .. AT THIS RANGE IT IS VERYYYYY NICE DONT GO WITH BAD RIVIEWS ....AND IF YOU THOUGHT TO BYE THIS THEN GO FOR IT GUYES ITS REALLY REALLY AUSSAM 
I feel betrayed. No 3G video calling option, no default file explorer, not at all customizable (unable to set a song as ringtone). Bought it because of the price. Just a starter android phone.
Awesome phone must buy
item has received
Camera Has Problem i suggest u plz don't purches it
very nice mobile,love it....daily usage very good and battery back is good...
This is very bad product koi mat lena warna pachtaoge
Nice but..I'm not satisfied becaz I don't have this phone.ha ha ha
Very bad camera quality...but other is good..not very good
I am a user of micromax for about 2 years, i had a pathetic experience with micromax... like, after sale service.. i and my 3 other friends bought canvas HD, Canvas 2 and canvas A117... You know what, all were defective, A117 and one A116 had same kind display lining problem. And 2 Canvas HD mobiles had camera problem. I could have highly supported MMX as its indian brand, but i will be more happy if i save at least 1 indian from getting looted by micromax. Guys dont buy this cheap stuff, 80% are always defective.
It work on only aìrtel network?? Please say
Good phone , really worth for its price.
VERY NICE
Google's best project till date
Fantastic! Thanks a Ton to Micromax, Google & All respective's for such fabulous Product AND Lightning fast Services of Amazon.....Thanks :)
i love this smartphone. This is a wonderfull smart phone for only smart boys .so enjoy and change to a smart thinking
Disappointed with a mere 6 hour talk time. Hope the next iteration of Android one phones are better in terms of battery backup. For now, Motorola (E/G 2nd Gen) is the way to go.
Redmi1s is far better but availability issue nice one
its ok handset , but one should go for moto g which is the best handset with the display and battery backup.
it is a GOOD phone I think after reading the reviews. I may go for one.
Simply amazing in lower price band....
i had bought this phone but i have returned it. phone doesnt contain pre installed gallery, music player, file manager. i had called company they told me u have to download gallery..??...it was very bad experience for me..There is feeling of despondency for me ...so plzz..upgrade software it is my advice to company..
The Sim slot is smaller than other mobile
Best phone in this budget
This is 3.8 inch screen don't shock because one inch takan by tree button and above side 0.7 inch battery and WiFi notification bar So finely this is the 3.8 inch screen Sound good , screen good ,camera good Pot Small screen like 4inch one inch always busy to see we gotten No file manager, no SMS , avrege battery,no photo viewer ,no video player ,no mp3 player,no shortcut like Samsung to routed screen, and big prolm is micro sim ,no ogt,video lagging ,when u opened keyboard it covers mor than half screen vary hard type what I am type Over role gamin good ,only big problem is this is 3.8 inch screen after because butten included in screen so bad please buy if u want good phone but u want 4.5 inch phone don't buy really I am so sad it have only 3.8 inch screen..,.
i just want to know micromax A1 only 4 AIRTEL NETWORK? Plz rply yar jo b bhai use kar raha ho to .m waiting
ooked yet to receive but very anxious and positive should be very useful
Nice phone
very good
Very mediocre specs as compared to comparable models from Asus or Xiaomi.
The sim card slot is small. Hence no sim could be inserted in the handset. It shows poor wokmanship of product quality when there is trust for google in market.
Purchasing Micromax phone is like wastage of money.poor quality ,no service,no customer care to resolve the issue,company employee never respond,these above advantages are associated with Micromax mobile
good android 1
bakwaas camera
Payment
Just black color is available . Only white is displayed in pictures . Phone was launched with two colors. Users are cut shorted due to color availability . The black is looking plain and , is the reason , I don't like this model .
I Haven't seen this phone but how can I buy or even think of buying it as it's not mention if it support's INDIAN REGIONAL LANGUAGES (GUJARATI ) is must , even it's not mention on micromax.co.in .......thus it's very difficult to decide
bakwas phone
RAM IS ONLY 1GB WHICH IS LOW AS ACOMPARED TO OTHER PHONES IN THE APPROX. SAME PRICE TAG PHONES ON OTHER RETAIL WEBSITES11
