B00N5OY5XQ
I just love this phone. Premium in every respect. Windows 8.1 OS is excellent to use. I heard that touch response is not good, but after using the phone I felt that touch response was as good as Samsung Galaxy series (I had S2 earlier). Gaming experience is good, but I didn't played high end games. If you are a first time windows 8.1 user, and want a premium looking phone in budget price, having excellent performance; Go for it :)
Amazing phone. worth the money. dont regret tht move from Android to Windows as it has all the things I need, except for Google Maps.. miss them here.. apart from this dont miss anything. Configuring Outlook was a breeze and the battery backup is awesome. The best phone you can get for the price. got for it :)
windows phone with so many features in 8K! unbelievable. I have one lumia 520. Comparing with these, W121 performs better in case of speed as it has 1GB Ram, where as Lumia 520 has 512MB. Multiple apps runs smoothly. there are 2 cons i want to mention. 1. Camera: missing Zoom feature. takes a little bit longer to focus. 2. cant play HD video smoothly. upto 480p is supported. 720p,1080p video is lagging But keeping in mind it only cost me 8K, I will give this phone 5 star rating. A good buy for windowsphone lovers like me. Pros: good build quality. excellent display, image quality good very good as its a 8MP camera, low light imaging also good. I read before buying that touch is not good. But truely speaking, touch is very good, but cant compare to Lumia. Another thing, Nokia Apps which is Microsoft mobile now are not available for this phone like Transfer my data, Ringtone Maker. 2 very good apps that i use. But Microsoft Studio(Games) and Microsoft Corporation apps like Files, Office, One Drive, News all are available here. So Its a great buy if you are looking for a budget phone in 8-10K range.
Well. It is defintely value for money. The phone has 'kind of' premium, i.e. expensive looks. Except the Micromax Logo - like everything. The phone is quite snapppy since it has 1 GB RAM. I don't think there is any other WM 8.1 Phone available at this price range to offer 1 GB RAM. Main camera is Ok - not exactly 8 MP stuff. But not too bad either. Over all highly satisfied, considering the price. Just wanted to try out WP 8.1 to know whtat the fuss is all about. Satisfied witht the phone overall, dissatisfied with WP 8.1 - overall - if you know what I mean...
The Phone specs are interesting.But the only issues I found so far are Touch Screen and Battery.Otherwise Phone is awesome in looks and specs.Recommended product
It has been one month that I am using this phone and I am loving the experience. The best part of the phone is the UI and classy look for a budget price range.
Product Delivery in Lighting speed, Decided to Migrate from Android to Windows, after 01 day of use found Awesome except Battery display confusing, suddenly showing Battery Level Cryptically low to 6%, after battery readjust show again fully charge.
Two problems I have faced.. i) gets too hot while playing games. ii)No zoom option is available in the camera. But overall its a good phone to use..
Very Good phone in this price range. especially the speed, camera clarity. People looking for dual sim, dual camera with office features should definitely go for this!!
Good phone by Micromax but average battery backup, GUI is not likely, No Pre-installed useful apps, we 've to install apps from Microsoft store and it works very poor
It should have rendering to all major indian languages in key board. But windows has rendering to Hindi only. Even mail to Microsoft is un answered. Other wise is ok.
I purchased this mobile last month through amazon...as usual timely delivery from amazon and the product is really good on all aspects of mid level smartphone range.
very good phone except the camera
Far better than I expected. I am unable find out if the glass is Gorrilla or whatever - however I am using without a screen guard for a month now, no scratches in normal safe use. Box came with one spare screen guard. Phone came with one mounted - I removed it by mistake. Battery lasts well, no specific heat issue that others have reported. Display is great - better that equivalent Nokia. Got the latest Windows update too, automatically.
bakwas.lags.dont grab it.Windows phone are to low in RAM management.There is also no option for task manager to stop unwanted task like android
I bought this phone a month ago. It's performance is unbeatable. I able to prepare a word document on-the-fly seamlessly with the wordflow keyboard (similar to Swype). I am using kindle, twitter, facebook, whatsapp, about four email accounts including my workplace email, and a news reader etc. Still the performance of the phone is amazing. I didn't see any performance degrade because of using more number of apps.
good item for the cost i bought, many features (live folders, compass, cartono etc..) not available and that has to be updated by the OEM
Truly dissapointed. When browsing/ playing games it heats up very quickly. I tried to return it but by then the return window was closed
Its awesome and fit's my budget. Delivery time a little bit long.any way now I am a fan of micromax windows phone 
after using android phone for a change its good,picture quality very nice,trendy,smart,overall nice windows phone
Product is very good but battery is very low. It last maximum 100 to 120 minute if you use net or play game.
For Amazon service I will give 5 stars for mobile I will give 3stars. So average 4 stars. Thank you
nice windows phone.nice specifications.excellent for this price.gets hot on playing high end games.
Phone works v.well.. The only con is that it gets warmer while using below the camera at the back
Phone is okay..but it gets heated up while charging. processor speed is gud...dosen't hang.
Fine product with less budget. Performance is nice. Definitely recommend to a friend.
its good, except its upper end of backside is getting really hot in net surfing.....
I bought this phone for my father... He is totally satisfied with this phone...
affordable windows phone feature rich. camera performance is not up to the mark.
Hanging sometime... Battery life is a bit of concern. overall a good phone.
5 star very good product smooth to use with facility of window version
nice phone and fast delivery, but the video files are lagging.
Very nice phone. Only one problem camera not zooming option.
Nice phone....but not impressed with os experience
All are good but hd n full hd is not supported...
awsome phn in this price.. glad to have it.
Thanx a lot for providing this device. Good..
I am very much frustrated with this phone. It just doesn't allow me to install apps like Adobe reader, linkedin, facebook, filemanager app. I think Micromax messed up the Windows OS while customizing it. If you want to buy Windows phone then go for Lumia series or any other, but don't go for this one. It's total wastage of money.
can't record calls, this is a major drawback
Best Winphone on the market at this price!!!
Excellent budget phone. Windows 8.1 rocks!!!
Nice Phone and good service by amazon. Thnx
resolution not good if u r a developer
beautiful product and price effective
this is good, cheap and secure phone
Truecaller and cortana not working
Packaging was not goodgood Bt prodect is so so good and better than all android mobile bt camera is 8mp bt picture looking like nokia 5mp cemera it mean camera is not good than nokia
Best in the range. Good build wise. Back cover could have been a better fit. Perhaps instead of faux leather a proper plastic cover would have been better. But satisfactory overall.
2nd March: Everything seems exceptional in this phone for the price tag except for a major flaw which kills all other benefits: THE TOP PORTION OF THE PHONE JUST HEATS UP LIKE HELL AND THE BATTERY DRAINS SUPER FAST WHILE BROWSING USING 3G MOBILE DATA. LOST 55% of battery in one hour 3g browsing with very very low screen brightness.This makes it completely unusable. May be I got a defective piece , will try one more day to see if there are any settings that can help, else will return it, this heating makes it hazardous! ================================================================= 1st March: Heats up on the backside while connected to internet. Touch is not that great. You have to put some effort to press on icons ,soft links most of the time. Battery seems like draining out fast..not sure though need to test for few more days Bought this to experience windows mobile with a good HD display. Not so satisfied with the quality of mobile..exploring windows and is quite interesting!
very good service and mobile
Hardware ok but software performance is very poor. operating windows on this phone is like nightmare. Micromax MD pls clarify does microsoft provide this windows free to you.
Videos are not playing well
It's a good Windows phone.
Good built and performance
Best specs..good built quality..screen and camera clarity is just awesome..A good headstart for micromax in windows phone segment..I would recommend this phone.
best mobile at this price
it is paisa wasool deal
poor battery back up
A better phone which covers all your requirements You will forget your Android OS once you use Windows OS
good phone in use
Perfect Choice!!
This phone is suitable for those who are are satisfied with calling, texting and happy with popular apps like Facebook, WHATSAPP, SKYPE & LINKEDIN. If you are a geeky developer or would like to fidget around apps (rooting and all), then please do not buy this. Note : Truecaller caller id functionality does not work for other manufacturer's Windows 8 & 8.1 phones. It only works on Nokia Lumia editions of Windows Phone 8 & 8.1. Regards, Praveen
A nice phone .
its value for money. I wish camera was better and I miss the voice navigation for the here drive. I also miss things like glance screen on lumia. but other than that, its good phone. difficult to get the accessories like flip cover. wish Micromax had provided it the way it gives it for its android phones. performance is good so far. fluid, no lags at all. batter life is also good. It last me for more than 24 hrs.
good features
nice product
great phone
Very Good !
Great phone
love it...
Good phone
well the phone is really good.camera and all other stuff. only prob i feel with this is that the phone gets heated up during charging nearby the camera. charge is how u expect from a 2000mah battery.but other than that the phone is just awesome . value for money
Worst
good
GOOD
good
Dont Buy This Phone Micromax service Not good and nobody replying on mail also customer care number given that also not connected waste of money. for micromax brand no star......
Runs good but the camera is not equivalent to 5 MP Camera...
Very poor quality phone Amzon services very bed
Average Performance Battery Back up very Poor
music player is very bad
