B00N1P5KHO
I had ordered the set on 14 th Nov 2014 & got the item on 19th Nov. Very much disappointed to note that the mobile started dis-functioning within 30 days of arrival. While using the phone , it got switched off and repeatedly re booted ,but temporarily solved. The problem started persisting after 2 days and failed to boot and completely stopped functioning. When trying to switch on , the system tried to boot , but it kept on repeating and finally drained the battery. Since it has in-built battery , the problem could not be solved by simply removing the battery. I have taken the set to Exclusive Care - A Micromax Authorized service center at Kochi , which is 50 KM away from my home. Initially they told me that it could be the problem of OS and that they would contact the next day. On contacting the next day , they informed the problem could not be solved by reloading the OS and they were still on the search. Again on the next day , they told the problem may be with the board and needed to be sent to the factory. They have not given me any assurance on when I will get back the product and most probably the warranty period will be over by the time I get it back. It is heard that one of the service center in Kochi has been smashed by "very satisfied" customers. I really regret my decision to go for Micromax and advice everyone to think twice before acting. I would like to know whether amazon or Micromax has got any policy on refunding or replacing for this premature malfunctioning.
The Mobile comes in an excllent packing - innovative. Am using the handset for last two days and here's the review: 1. Screen quality is amazing, do use the screen guard provided in the original accessory list immediately to avoid any scratches 2. Battery is an issue especially if you do require 3G connectivity for your emails, social media and whatsapp. 3G works pretty good - signal are strong and have not faced any drops 3. Camera clarity both front and back is very good. Selfies come out the best. Some amazing camera features - which are not there in high end phones. 3. Call clarity is very good - at both ends 4. FM Radio works fine - sound from headset decent. 5. Phone is very light and body is very slippery - needs a case imediately to add weight and to avoid it falling from your hand Negatives: 1. Phone does not have a gold band - as mentioned - it is a silver strip [ Am not worried about it, some users who want gold coloring maybe disappointed] 2. Unwanted apps by Micromax - you cannot delete them, it leads to unnecessary space utilisation 3. You do have to use Micro SD card to expand space for your photos,music etc 4. Need to carry a power bank - if you are a heavy internet user for this phone Phone going good for last two days - surely recommed this amazing phone.....
Dont buy this mobile, all features are good but micromax go one step ahead and make same slot for both memory card and second sim and at a time use any one memory card or sim.what the logic behind this feauture may be disclose by micromax This is big nonsense from micromax.Micromax release this type of product to make away the customers.Think and act before releasing any product and also improve ur service centres
very disappointed. Either use second sim or memory card. Why they say dual sim, they should clearly mention after product name "dual sim without memory card" or "single sim with memory card".
I have placed this order and it came damaged.. NO one has bothered to take care of this issue.. asking me to contact the manufacturer.. such a big hassle and inconvenience
My phone stopped working in 20 days of purchase... Have taken several rounds of da service centre.. They took a month to repair it the 1st time and just aft 5 days it dies again. i do go agn to da service centre and repair it agn.. And now a month later again it is giving trouble.... Really frustrated with this phone.. For all who r looking to buy micromax... Plz DONT.. The phones are no good and plus the after sale service is also really bad.
Do not buy Micromax mobiles as after sales service is really pathetic. I have undergone a horrible experience and till date my dead mobile is with them without any response within gurantee period. Although phone looks good, but phones are not upto the mark and gives hell out of problem when in use. Do not go by the beautiful graphics advertisements and box cover of the models. You will surely regret for buying micromax products.
It's not exactly a dual sim phone slot 2is for either SD card or sim not both Except that the phone is great and stylish really awesome design and with good shape to hold in the han
may be the mobile features are good and beneficiable. but the mobile is not delivered with quality. it is defective,as the memory slot is not even opening. for that I got a bitter exp from the amazon customer care. so make sure the product is delivered with quality by checking each and every feature in it before the return time. otherwise you will be in trouble.
SATISFIED. I'm loving this mobile. A good phone with affordable price and awesome features. Only back is the battery, drains fast on use of Internet. If you are a heavy Internet user then think on it. Otherwise it's a better phone from this best app.
I want to return this phone because the phone is not working once i start return in the return menu is shows that return started but nobody is cantact me to for return this product please help.me to return the package before the returning date expired
Best phone I had ever seen in this price range... . Excellent for gaming Good camera Excellent processor octa core Good ram 1gb enough for multitasking . Other all design is best I got
I am not satisfied with canvas knight.is rear camera is not working properly... Even 5 mega pixel camera works better then this &speaker's quality is poor compare to another MMx mobiles
This is a very good phone with a great performance. Only downside is the battery which drains quickly and hardly lasts for the day. Apart from that this is a perfect smart phone.
The I-Phone look like is fantastic, only the thing to mentioned is - not having the SD card slot , rest camera and all other funtions are very good.
Micromax canvas a311 good looking light weight phone . good net speed and also at very affordable prices... And all thanks to Amazon...
superb phone with good features and with low amount. i you choice to buy this phone, do not hasitate to but it. Just Buy it.
Gud product..first time bought anything other than BB, HTC or IPhone..but satisfied with Camera(F&B), screen & looks..!!
Worth for the money... Features are awesome and processor is excellent. Camera quality its equivalent to samsung.
It's nice product but using 3G Internet or playing game mobile was heat suddenly
Very nice features. Only one negetive point is altr sim and sd card slot.
Biggest drawback, u cant run memory card and second sim at the same time
This is my first smartphone. Overall the experience was too good.
This is a wonderful mobile phone. I am very happy with this.
Originally item in seal pack box. Value for money mobile.
Mobile Hanging a lot and getting heat while using
best mobile for selfiees and in budget to
Good product with lots of features.
its a etter phone in this range
Good seller, very good product.
Good but audio sound not good
YOUR PACKING IS NOT SAFETY..
Extremely light weight but one flaw is that out of two slot for Sim card there is a common slot for Nano Sim card and Memory Card which makes you to surrender either of them.
Good deal with great price
best buying in this price
Nice phone and looks gr8
NYC look and features
Good phone. Classy and sleeky look Nice features.. Fast processor.... Overall no problem Cons 1 . primary camera quality is way lower compared to front cam. Poor mean very poor. 2. Needed to be changed at least 3 times for normal use. Also battery drains very fast. 3.has many unwanted apps which can't be uninstalled 4. Either use 2nd sim or a memory card
Heat problem
good one
Its nice
not good
not good
Its a worth, i love this particular model, camera is good , good feature video on look, cast screen feature..
Nice
Nice
fine
This phone is upto every task, no complaints in performance. Only problem is after market accessories are not available easily. Sleek design, cool look a very good competitor for mid level smart phones. Do I recommend this a big yes based on performance of my device
I love this phone. but thru amazone I have got a dead phone only. It reached me before time, I appreciate it... but I couldn't even switch on the mobile... I put it in charge continuously four hours as they instructed. Even the phone couldn't get switched on.. finally I returned back the product and purchased one from shop...
