B00NV76EXQ
i had purchased this phone for my sister.. In terms of looks this phone is awesome and can beat any high range phones like samsung, htc etc. The leather cover gives you a good grip to hold it. Its slim and metalic coated part at sides gives a great looks.Camera with flash at front side is awesome in this range. Touch is smooth as compare to some other phones like A111. Android 4.3 is best with qualcom processor. 1 Gb RAM is good enough as i have not tested it with games. Sound quality could be better but you cant expect more from micromax, Camera quality is average. If you are specially looking for a camera phone than go for Canvas Colors. Light sensors and proximity sensors works fine. Videos with 720 px works fine without any lags, although i am using Mxplayer. Battery is good enough. Face unlock is also proving as a screen lock option which is quite good. Additional trial games are default with this set which you cant uninstall them. Overall this handset is awesome in this range.: 1st Look: 5 Stars Processing Speed: 5 Stars Screen Quality 4 Star Sound Quality 3 Stars Camera Quality 3 Stars
Micromax is a worst mobile company i have ever seen. I bought this mobile phone around one month back. Now its display has gone. Showing vertical and horizontal lines on screen. I just kept it for charge, after removing from charge i saw those lines. Than i got to know that its display has gone. I have attached image of my cell phone with this review. Then i went to micromax service center, those guys not responded properly and said that it is a physical damage!!!. There is no one single mark on outer panel. So i am helpless now.
Good product everythng is good expect for 3 things, battery backup very less, camera is not good and heats up while using internet and playing games, if it was normal, i would have understood, but it heats up more than usual
Its not about the phone but service by Amazon. First of all the phone received after 10 days of placing the order. Unfortunately the phone I received was found faulty and I have initiated a refund on 9th October. But even after contacting Amazon for 3 times the phone was not being picked up Amazon, and then I escalated to next level and then after 7 days I got my money back, but you would not believe the phone is still not being picked up as of date today..!! I got my money back after a month and even after that the was not being picked up. I think Amazon needs to think about its courier partner seriously or else it will be very difficult for them to hold their good value in the Indian market.
I bought this phone on 27th may and its almost a week. Here is my review : In terms of looks this phone is awesome and can beat any high range phones like samsung, htc etc. The leather cover gives you a good grip to hold it. Its slim and metalic coated part at sides gives a great looks.Camera with flash at front side is awesome in this range. Touch is smooth as compare to some other phones like A111. Android 4.3 is best with qualcom processor. 1 Gb RAM is good enough as i have not tested it with games. Sound quality could be better but you cant expect more from micromax, Camera quality is average. If you are specially looking for a camera phone than go for Canvas Colors. Light sensors and proximity sensors works fine. Videos with 720 px works fine without any lags, although i am using Mxplayer. Battery is good enough. Face unlock is also proving as a screen lock option which is quite good. Additional trial games are default with this set which you cant uninstall them. Overall this handset is awesome in this range.: 1st Look: 5 Stars Processing Speed: 5 Stars Screen Quality 4 Star Sound Quality 3 Stars Camera Quality 3 Stars Benchmark Test: Quadrant Standards :7926 Vellamo : 448
the phone built and design is good and touch quality is also very good.the battery was very bad.Can't save the downloaded items directly in sd card.Internal memory is only 1GB.The camera is below average and camera software is pathetic.I want to return this product and gave the return order on 21st october but still haven't picked up yet.
I purchased this phone from a shop in Allahabad.I found lots of problem in this phone from veey first day..I called MMX customer care service and they suggest me to change the operater service but actually they were making me fool by just pasaing one week of replacement. I have purcahsed this phone on 25 august 2014 and theree times repaired in MMX service centre but I'm not able to make a call from this phone. Phone submitted for 65 days in service centre. I request to all friends, please dont purchase MMX or before puchasing pl visit its nearest service centre, then you will aware.
Excellent Phone in 7k range.. the display is too good. back cover/panel gives the leather finish which is awesome...Though it is not mentioned as 8 MP cam...quality can be better...Audio is fine..
Much Effective At A low Cost Price Of Mobile
Pros : Lovely Phone with Premium looks, great Screen clarity, no lags, and wonderful camera quality on both Primary and secondary cams. Cons: Yeah, battery life is little less on extensive usage. But then, which phone doesn't starting from iPhone to everybody else. Not a great area to keep complaining about. I don't see how to add and an extra .5 stars to this product. My judgement: Worth a rating of 4.3 out of 5 stars. :)
Very good product and value for money where you get HD resolution display, 1 gb ram and good quality. The pros are on the higher side than cons. I felt that the audio( speaker) should have been a better one( with dual or something). The earpiece audio quality is excellent without any lags To describe in one line - Excellent product with value for money and features of phone worth 15K. Thanks
Yea it's a very good fone . Some drawbacks are - Poor rear camera . Not so good screen visibility . Got heat up a bit after 20 to 30 mint. Of use . Beyond this every things and features of this fone r just fabulous . So if camera is not ur main priority then u should look for this fone . Else try searching another fone . At the price tag this fine really deserve 9 out of 10 .
I bought it on diwali..at 6670 ..it was a NYC phone...which gives a gud battery backup and an 8mp cam..only defect I found on this was the internal storage capacity...1gb for apps installation.. That's gud...but phone storage is also 1 GB...we can't store data directly to external SD.we have to move it frm phone storage...totally its a superb phone...any one can buy.....
Some internal problem are occurred. Screen,sound,speed, look is very good but i compare with samsung mobile having 5MP camera. i found that camera and battery of samsung mobile is better from this mobile. this mobile declare 8MP camera in it but after studying i found that it is equal to 5MP camera. Battery backup is very bad.I suggest this phone is not very good.
Product is really good. Got good reviews from friends also. Whoever saw it liked it very much. I'm still worried about the warrant part. I heard from a mobile dealer shop that company don't entertain warranty issues on online purchases. Need clarifications on this. because this will increase my confidence more on online sales. and specially on Amazon.
this micromax model is not good as compared to other micromax old products.. too much problem...
This phone getting hanged, screen goes off,power button dosnt work if we required to reboot.The only solution is remove back cover nd the battery ,again fit the battery nd then switch on. While Only 40% RAM is occupied.atleast power button should work to reboot.if anyone have solution please tell me at lalitbtp@gmail.com
if checked to WCDMA preferred mode, the network is dropped and the phone goes out of reach.
Phone is good but its getting really hot while using net and also while charging..... Battery charge drains of very soon.... Sound is not good enough but good... Both Cameras is really cool specially the front cam it comes with a flash too..... I would like to know y my phone is getting hot...
The mobile performance is OK. but I am disappointed with the battery life. Even with data connection, wifi and GPS switched off and hardly two three calls when I am stationed in my base the battery does not last one day.the battery has to be recharged or else in the morning the battery is dead.
hi frds...i m using dis mob frm last 6monts...dis is awsm.....smooth touch...gud battry bkup.......avg frnt cmra.....back side cmra is awsm.....nice video nd audio quilty...gud prossing speed....nd a vry vry good luk.....slim nd actrtive...i suggest to buy it...nice exprince wid canvas a121
The specification of the model was good hence i purchased. But it was running very slow and apps arent getting downloaded, it always says erro in downloading.Hence i returned the mobile.Pls pass on the message to company to look into thei issues.
It is very nice and value to money phone, camera, screen clearance is widely appreciated. Performance is also good with respect to application, touch navigation , internet GPS. etc. Can be compared with many high end phones of other brands..
Hi friends i baught this mob on 6 oct 2014 his actual price is 11500 and i baught it 6099 only in last weak I am very happy to buy this mob,all of the feature i get in one mob like 8 mp primary camera 2 mp sec camera,1 GB Ram, Led flash,5 inch HD screen,HD recording.etc
Its amazing Android phone at this price range... Just root the phone and unlock extra features... I like everything about thia phone... (its my 7th Android phone) use device in developer mode after rooting... 5/5 stars
Hey can any one tell me how can I buy this mobile at 6099 rs
it's a Chinese item and total hardware is not reliable. it's charging port is not working properly. handset quality is very low. Battery is very poor. i can say it's a cheap product and need service center immediately.
I bougth this one for 6200/- rupees and this one is super...super ...super... also it happen to fall down 5 times and still no complaint....super...... But, only the internal memory storage is one GB.:-(:-(:-(:-(
I am posting review after this mobile for 1.5 month.Its realy good product by micromax, only battory backup is less everything else is awesome Micromax u r doing your best and all i want to say is keep it up.
Great look, very slim and light. Descent camera both front and back. But facing heating problem, CPU start heating when too much app are open. Overall very good phone at the price I bought 6700 in diwali 2014
not good mobile .... some hanging problem app is not root in sd card camera is good , display also very good bt some memory problem using whats app and anather apps... so don't buy this wastes of money ......
Phone is gud not gud bt very good but one problem is that its gets hot fast at 3g downloading and 2nd is that their is sound in earpiece everytym Its good just for itz orientation as it is slim
Canvas elanza 2 is the best mobile.HD DISPLAY,QUAD CORE PROCESSOR,FRONT HD CAMERA,8.8 M.M. SLIM,Leather Finished Back Panel,8M.P. CAMERA @JUST 8K UNBEATABLE MOBILE AND PRICE.LOWEST PRICE ONLY ON AMZON.
Very nice mobile. Superp amazon. Thanks..
I have received moblie 3 days back 09.11.2014 mobile is very good looking, camera is good, all over is good in this rate 7280/- Amzone sevce is very fast & Micromax good product Thank You both.
Did a lot of comparison with various expensive brands and finally bought it.Amazons delivery was quick. Condition of the product is new and quality tested. Happy after buying this phone.
Nice phone. Works well . Touch and resolution is awesome. The only con I found is app installation has limited memory i.e the available phone memory only (not transferable to SD card).
Works as mentioned, battery for me is good enough, the phone is not at all heavy, heats up a bit, design is pretty, overall a good budget phone with amaging and usefull features.
Phone is really good, pretty looks, nice features . Quality, screen quality. Sound quality.. Working well from one month..rest will see in upcoming days micronax quality..
This phone is awesome in terms of both looks and performance , built is great, Both Front and rear camera's are pretty decent, no lags, I'm very happy with this phone.
Not bad.. Very less space.. But yeah.. Knew it while buying.. Crazy durable.. Was thrown around but still intact.. Lil bit of software issue.. It's been 4months now..
Best phone for this price.easy to access internet.very good flash for the camera..over all a good phone with cheapest price.., that conform to everyone's desires.
i bought it for 6500. thanks a lot amazon.delivery was done within a week. the phone is best in this price range. USP of this phn is its back cover
using this phone for like a week. faced no problems at all. built is good, gives you a nice feel. using this phone with a custom launcher no lags. display is clear, battery back up full day. charging time 2 hours. camera is good, better than many 8MP in this segement. no grains even in low light. flash is upto the mark. and yes we also have flash with front cam. best phone at this price. micromax is doing a good job
good product at low price. but it was 1GB RAM, 1GB internal memory expandable up to 32GB and dual SIM . they says 4 GB internal memory but i was only1 GB
Good but not up to standered.It's received call voice and out going call voice quality is poor.Even head set is having poor performance during voice calling.
this is a good phone but it is a lag that only 1 gb internal memory is there .. so app and data must be kept in memory card and camera can be more good .
I suggest this model & Canvas Color 2 to all looking for an Android phone below 10K. Amazing VFM phone that looks & performs like a high end phone.
Many times I have made online shopping from various site but after buying this mobile from amazon.in. this site is my first choice for online shopping
Phone s just awesome....good camera clarity n super slim....n its worth with nice features......I rate ***** ..I recommend for ma friends ...N!$#@
Phone is hanging some time whenver you need most and internal storage is very low (1GB) rest thing are fine like it's look, display and Camera.
Purchased it @7500 rs. Totally worth the price ,specially camera part ,front too have a flash ,Nd Amazon Delivery is awesome ,got bfore time.
I had purchased this phone.dialer is hanging in this phone frequently. I visited service center but still the problem could not rectified.
Though camera is 8 megapixcel but m not happy with the clarity of pictures. phone gets heat up too early.battery performance is also poor.
Ots very bad..since day one its becoming automaticallywitched off n now its touch scren is not responding any touch.its jst a month old.
I liked the phone. Has good looks. picture quality is amazing in day light, ok during night. Overall I am satisfied with this product.
Micromax elanza is working good and it is having good features also camera clarity is good amazon has delivered it quickly to me .
i am so happy to working with you... you are always superb.. i got my phone before the time... thank you so much..
looks:9.5/10 performance:8/10 display:7/10,gorilla glass in the device would have been perfect sound:7/10 battery:7/10, moderate use 15hrs people will look at the phone wice atleast and ask you which phone is it...:)
Good one...but even better models are available in the price bracket....Good performance and good shipping by Amazon India
After lot of searches, found it to be best and bought.... It met all expectations... Best phone in 5000 to9000 range...
An awesome phone with all the latest features. The flash provided for secondary camera as well is like icing on the cake.
Recieved the goods at exact time and in good condition. Enjoying the same with no problem. Good mobile with no problem.
lovely phone at this price range, i got this phone at 7945 ruppee. only problem of this phone is heavy in weight.
ExCellent phone Gud job micromax I bought wen its priced 6099rs great 
Good mobile ... only one drawback is about storage. there is no setting option to change default memory storage.. :(
Battery problem. Within 1 hr battery is 100% down. Handling is very smooth. Other battery is good.
Phone is good but it's internal memory is very low 1.23 GB so can't download unlimited apps face memory problame
I purchased this for my friend. It is very nice phone and price is also too good. I purchased it on 7500 only...
Good phone ,good camera....,front camera comes with flash and thanks to amazon for its speed and safe delivery.
It's a good mobile phone but sometimes it hangs. it has good features and importantly it has wonderful camera
bought it twice from Amazon. First black, then white. Absolute amazing phone if you dont play big 1GB games
Good phone......the front camera also comes with flash , thanks to amazon for its speed and safe delivery.
Its really good. A persons expectations never fulfilled. Its a good cell phone in this range so go for it.
Classic Phone ultimate related with screen resolution..... but battery backup not good. THANX
Its very nice mobile at the price which I got. I buy this for my friend. Now the mobile price gone high.
Pros: Nice phone at this price range,display is quite good also the color reproduction as compare to ips display. Cons: Snapdragon quad core msm 8212 is quite low as compare to mediatek.also it gets heated up by playing games like subwaysurfer.
Keeping aside its little bit heating issues, awesome handset!!very smooth touch with no lag at all..
So far not yet used. But it has got a killer looks. I'll let you know later about the performance.
gets very heated when on charging and watching videos..look wise its good & that's what i liked..
Good budget phone,without any lag in its performance except its poor video recording capability.
it is the best phone in this price and truly its value for money . camera quality is very good.
Its a nice phone. I have not faced any problem till now. I am using it for the last one month.
I bought this phone from a local retailer at a much discounted price of 9100, even cheaper than online retailers. Now coming to the phone, the phone looks great especially the metallic strip running around the phone. Yeah! the phone is a bit heavy but thats not a problem at all. The display is awesome and the touch response is also good. I went to purchase lenovo s660 but ended up buying this phone coz of the look and the specs.Battery back up is also good. It lasts for a day n half with moderate usage.
Its a good product and in budget. I liked the performance. But it was delievered really late
The touch screen experience is good, but in video recording it takes time to focus objects.
this is the best smartphone in this price category. great battery life and performance
Front camera has a issue.. it says " camera error" when I try to open front camera
very good product and service. The item is working perfectly. Your service is excellent
The phone reboots on its own some times. The camera is not very good. In general its ok.
Except late in delivery as expected I found it to be more than my expectation. Thanks.
Sometimes Battery drains quickly.. Fewtimes felt heat near camera... Overall gud phone
Superb fone. I prefer this if u r liking a topend specifications for reasonable price
Superb phone at this range i bought this phone from amazon and got it on next day i ordered.After opening the package i saw the phone.It was superb,the metal at side and leather finished back cover(Made of plastic)gives it premium looks.I fell in love wid that phone.but after 2-3 days I noticed that there was a black spot coming in the images captured by camera on top left corner.So i called amazon and they refunded my phone.nice customer service by amazon 5 stars to it Phone is good looking,fast,it didn't hang after downloading,playing games(asphalt 8,real football).Games were played smoothly widout any lag,screen quality is superb,plays 1080p movies widout any lag.Headphone quality is above the average.camera is good not upto mark,front flash gives it a good option for selfiesi am buying this phone again......
amezing service ..lovely gift packing done by amezon very very good phone ...love it
front flash is really useful.. everything else was as expected for this price...
Phone is good. Battery,camera ,sound quality is nice. I am satisfied with phone.
Micromax canvas elanza 2 is very good phone. amazing packing from amazon side.
A gd Phn . Camera quality also not bad but the touch is quite disappointing
Pagal one who bought it.... 2 GB ram ..no ....?and y given android 4,4....?
Its really great and delivered very short period Thank you Amazon...
Otg not available is a biggest drawback. So only returned this product.
Good product with good spec. only problem is it does not support OTG
Good mobile phone in this range, but Battery drains out very fast :(
Good ,but ba ttery getting discharge at the time of using internet
very good performance but it detects internal storage as sd card
One of the best phone at very reasonable price. Thanks Amazon.
Please don't buy this phone at all , It has heating problems ,I bought this phone one month back from amazon ,and after 25-30 days it's LCD screen got a crack due to it's heating problem and when I visited the Micromax customer care they said it's physical damage and repairing cost will be around 4100 Rs. Now I am helpless I purchased this phone in 8700 and couldn't even use it ,I am not any game freak or Net surfer I used the phone to just use wat's app that's it . Please don't buy this phone at all it's total waste of Money.
only thing is Packing is not good at all...but mobile is good
Good overall phone, doenst lag and has stock android!!!!!!!
Its a great phone with great features in that price range
Good product from MICROMAX and timely delivery by Amazon.
I LOVE IT MY NEW CANVAS MOBILE THANKS TO AMAZON BEST DEAL
Got broken headset... Appreciate your mail for feedback
I love this phone, got.all features, Value for money
I brought this one for my sis.......... its osm piece.
Phone is good, but loudspeaket volume is a bit low...
Phone is performing good but its charger not working
Though its couple of weeks i bought, but superb one.
I would say this is an Awesome phone in this budget.
its realy amazing.....and ts work on well condition
Net is not working corrctly.. Phone is hanging.
awesome product , awesome delivery by amazon .
Excellent
yes, heating problem if more apps are opened. also i found that RAM is 1 GB but ROM is NOT 4 GB. IT IS MENTIONED IN THE SPECIFICATION THAT 4 GB ROM but 1GB ROM is actulally given in the set.
Its simply awesome mobile in this range......
Product not good...service of amazon is good
Internal memory given 1GB only that is falt.
Phone is good but battery backup is not good
very bade phone, this mobile more time hang
i bought this item from amezon...delivered in just 2 days....phone is worth at this price...if u are looking for camera phone then dont buy it...8megapixal camera is same as 5 megapixel.. lack of sharpness... video quality is 720p...not satisfactory... although front camera is good....overall functionality is smooth....
micromax canvas elanza is very nice set
i liked the pice and service of amazon
Very nicelook so slim & feeling happy
Slow and gets hang on continuous use
Under ten thousand itsba best mobile
its look is very slime gud to use ..
Quick delivery and Quality product.
Its super and not having any issue.
Good look but battery is not enough
Please don't purchase this mobile from amazon.. I had purchased 3 mobiles a121.. There is lot of problems in mobile.. After 1month of purchasing ear phone not working and lot of hang problem.. Only phone looks good.. Plzz don't waste ur money
It is good in appearance and cost,
Good mobile but heats freaquently
Beter than samsung core 2 Mobile
Very nice mobile and good speed
Received in excellent condition
A good phone with a low budget.
its look and features are too good but when i consider and look upon the battery life it has less backup so i have given this rating thanx for asking feedback ...............................
very nice product...........
Good and very fast delivery.
Very good phone as my need.
best price. :Thank u Amazon
Awesome mobile.... Love it.
awesome product, nice phone
Performance is not so good
It was good looking device
good product for the price
Nice one.....!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Recently buy this one Its good phone camera is also good Front camera has flash Only disadvantage is no otg support Overall good phone
Its a very good for use.
Sometimes I feel battery
Its not good performance
Good product @ dis range
This phone is very nice
internal memory is less
late dispatching but ok
nice one good delivery
best phone in the range
Very heavy at 420 gms.
deliver is too late...
worst mobile in globe
Single word....Superb
excellent value money
Deserve the price.
Price is very high
A very good mobile
very nice product
Good mobile......
The descent one!!
i don't like it.
worth for money
value for money
Very Good Phone
Good avg phone
Very low rate
Simply awsome
Very Punctual
I got this phone looking at spec. This Product heats high.. MMX needs to work high on the quality & stablity of product. How can they release the product which has very high heating effect on use. I agree that all smart phone heats but this has crossed all limit.If the phone does not heat high then looks good but for that MMX needs to release upgraded software which has GOOD POWER MANAGEMENT.
Appreciatedi
good to use
Very good !
nice produt
A good deal
Very good.
Good one .
Nice phone
good phone
Nice phone
Good phone
nice phone
Nice phone
Nice phone
Good phone
very good
IT'S GOOD
Excellent
NICE FONE
Its Gud..
Amazon delivered safe and within 1 week Got it in diwali offer for 6670 Pros Display Android 4.3 Con Camera average Occasionally slow due to ? 4 GB ROM ?!? ( ? Hang) Value for money
loved it
Nice set
good one
The actual price of this device is 11500 which is good that I got it for 6000.it gives a very premium feel in the hands its length is good and display is nice. Camera quality is OK and its better than good.
Not bad
Supppab
Excellent phone good built quality...better than zenfone 5 n redmi s1..highly recommended...thanx..amazon for your superb service and thanx micromax u r the real giant.
ITZ JUST EXCELLENT BUT COURIER SERVICE WAS NOT UPTO MARK PLEASE STOP SHIPPING FROM GATI START SHIPPING FROM FIRST FLIGHT OR FEDEX THEY ARE BEST. OVERALL 5 STAR
mobile being so heat during charging, playing game and net suffering. Storage memory not show accurately. lake of display and call setting as per android.
its ok
awsome
sucks
SUPER
Good.
superb phone with excellent build quality , camera clarity is not so good but its value for money phone
nice
nice
nice
Nice
Good
like
Good
good
Good
Good
good
Good
Good
Dont even think to buy this phone..I purchased it b4 2 days..it constantly hangs....when I get any call it hangs and I need to remove battery every time...now its in service sation on 3rd day of purchase..so plz dont buy...go for sony , nokia, samsung.,.
very nice
Nyc
it is the worst phone i have ever bought from the worst site
Bought the phone for just 6100. truly the best deal ever availed. amazon service is fabulous. phone is as per expectation.
Really price is very high
price is very high........
