B00NLAFZWO
I've been using this phone for almost a month now and to be quite honest the phone performs surprisingly well. Sony has come up with a good value for money product without compromising on the build quality and the UI to a large extent. The outer body does feel quite good and even after a good deal of time spent on the web there was no heating issues. The battery back up is simply amazing on this device. Low to medium usage sustains the phone for almost two days (no gaming). The UI is eye catching with sharp animations and a good feel. However Sony could have improved their secondary camera for this model and could have increased the screen resolution. Another down point for the phone is the limited internal memory but that can be solved with an external sd card. An android L update is not expected however sony does roll out a few updates for bug fixes. Greatest feature is the brilliant battery and the worst is the external speaker at the back (calls are awful on speaker). Overall the phone is quite good in the budget segment but not the best. It provides a good user experience and is quite snappy even while multi tasking and switching between five to six apps (not games).
Biggest. Negative. Point about this phone is that you cannot directly download anything on your sd card. First you have to download it on internal memory(only 1.75gb available for apps and other stuff )out of which hardly 200-400 mb space is available. This means that you cannot download a whole movie or anything with more than 400 to 500 mb. SIMILARLY, YOU CANNOT RECEIVE ANY FILE DIRECTLY ON SD CARD BY BLUETOOTH, WIFI DIRECT, NFC OR ANY OTHER MEANS. ONLY AFTER RECEIVING ON INTERNAL MEMORY(ONLY IF YOU HAVE FREE SPACE IN INTERNAL MEMORY),THEN YOU HAVE TO TRANSFER This is something that irritates.
I ordered sony xperia last month and find that the product delivered by amazon is really good.sony always comes up with top quality , camera looks good.no hassles whasoever with speed.If you are looking for good smartfone with good quality camera and long product quality this is a good product.more so good delivered by amazon
excellent phone , hardware , software very good phone, no other phone including samsung, micromax, redmi, even cant stand near to it in mid range models. xperia e3 is ever best phone for sony in low end phone market. superb phone love it
Camera Rear and Front is absolute waste. Screen resolution is also not good. Any youtube video played in normal mode is worst. I would never recomend this mobile for someone who wants good camera and good video player mobile.
I LOVE IT,,, although phone has large bezzels like a 4.7 inch mobile in sony xperia M2( same size),,,,,i like it because this phone made with perfect nylon corners and you have additional protection without flipcover or back cover,,,, i drop it many time but nothing happens,,,,solid build quality,,,, IMPORTANT DESIGN like Z series,,,, touch is awesome,,,,performance marvelous,,,,if you are a camera likely person ,,,please go for M2 donot worry about large bezzels,,you have additional protection with awesome look with ur every price you pay,,,,,,
i brought it for my friend. his condition was a single SIM set. while searching single SIMset it was coming 1st. that is main reason he bought. my sujjestion single SIM is not a criteria for selection. even duble SIM also use as single, it never feel it has duble SIM. @ present with this cost a lot other smart phone options are there. with in few days it become compliant due to dest entered in to phone while raiding the bike with keeping phone on shirt pocket. now it is working good
Value for money, powerful battery, superb cam, crisp display...got more than what i'd paid for
It's ok.....I don't have any problems
Nice phone and good battery life.. The front camera do have some problems in clarity but the back one is good.
voice clarity is not good
internal memory too low and phone restarts itself everytime I drop it not worth the price
Internal memory is very less solution for this to roo the phone and extend internal memory
memory storage showing 2 GB only, but amazon Technical Details gave storage memory 4 GB,
Total waste of money
sony super brand, sony e3 mob I'm using one month I'm not get any problem nice mobile
Device is quite lmpressive but its 5 Mp  does not seem to be
Great product for my mom. But the worst packing by the seller.
My Xperia e3 nice. But amazons service too poor for Me....
Internal memory very low and also camera quality not good
I am happy with Sony Email xperia E3
Nice phone.. Excellent battery.
AMAZON GIVES BEST RATE. GOOD PIECE.
not at all satisfied with this
great phone from sony. only draw back is camera it could be atleast 2mp for secondary. If you dont use camera much you can go for it. Battery back up is simply superb.
It's a nice phone.
Good product
Great
Nice
Nice phone in this range.. Brand wise you dnt have to think about it.
Vg
fine full fill needs we needed
Good phone. Value for money.
It's OK
ok
