B00NLAFNLW
A wonderful phone. Let me first state that you appreciate a phone according to your need and mindset. You buy a phone with certain expectations and budget bracket, and based on that you like a phone or not. I went in the store to purchase one in the range of 13K, and after moving around from LG to Samsung, ended up buying this one. Using this phone for about 17 days..and here are some points I would like to point out. Pros: 1. Battery backup. 3G on, surfing, downloading, reading, FB, Twitter, whatsapp, Youtube video..all sorts of things together..and it will last day and half...and if you cut some of the above activities from time to time..it will last 2 days. Remember to close the apps when not in use, and you will save more power. It has "stamina" mode and power saving mode, and it almost accurately indicates how long more the battery going to last. Battery is inbuilt though, i.e., you cannot separate it from phone. 2. Stylish look and built. Back cover is pretty thin, and as like all other sony products, handle with care and love. Volume rocker, power on off, 3.5 mm jack, charger slot. Micro SD slot is in the back, you have to remove the back cover to insert microSD card. 3. Great volume and sound. The walkman feature does not play all types of music files though, you better download google music, which will play all extensions. The speaker is loud enough to be heard from other end of the house in same floor. 4. Processor speed. 1.2 GHz, will be enough. I did not have any lag or anything so far. 5. Touch is smooth, better than Moto ones, better than samsung ones. 6. Answering Machine!! Oh ya, those who are used to US style answering machines, you will love it. Those who don't..start the habit. You record your own voice and ask the callers to leave message. 7. Tons of apps, album has option of revisitng old photos as cover photos, Xperia has teamed up with facebook and twitter to make things a bit easy for beginners. It has a application Sketch inbuild..show away your painting skills when you have time, or kill time while waiting at the bus, airport or not interested in a meeting :) 8. LIV sports and SONY LIV is there..all SONY TV shows are there. Cons: 1. I assume you are not buying this phone for the camera quality, cause I did not. While it will serve your purpose of brightly capturing the moment, it is not the greatest 5MP camera on earth. Front camera is VGA quality, so you better depend on your friend's phone while taking a selfie or groupfie. 2. NFC. Unless you have some other phone with NFC features, it is not of much use. All in all, if you plan for a smartphone around 13k budget go for it. Brand matters, and look matters. Especially in the age of fast decaying smartphone batteries, it will put a smile on your face. The battery really works, believe me.
Its a good product in this price but internal storage capacity of this phone is lesser than as mentioned in its specification i.e. 4 GB. The actual internal memory shows in this device is 1.7 GB an more storage space is already occupied by Apps installed in it. So you can not install more Apps or you will need instant external memory for this phone.
Nice sony Experia E3 Operating system is very good & User frendly. As compare to other smartphone its very chief with extra operating system.
The product is good The only problem with this phone is that it has less user memory (Less to 2GB) to install apps and you need to use any app like SD maid to clean the cache and thumbnails. Also when you speak on one sim then the other sim is in disable mode for that amount of time. Other than this all the features are good , it has good sound clarity and camera clarity . you can buy this phone without any second thoughts. A good one from Sony
Before I can share a review of this phone I would like to share important thing below PLEASE READ I had bought this phone under FREECHARGE recharge promotion offer by seller Techfone and fullfilled by Amazon. wherein I was supposed to received Rs 2000 cashback in 15 days from purchase. After 3 weeks there was no sign of recharge voucher. I contacted Amazon customer care I was told that the promotion was running on different dates than what i had purchased. Actually this promo was running for 3 different periods on amazon. Luckily I had saved the amazon webpage in PDF format. I called again customer care to receive the same reply so I sent this pdf to them. It is only then they agreed I was eligible and confirmed that they are escalating the matter and would get back to me . 3-4 days past no reply so when I called customer care again the same story that I am not eligible. I couldnt take this longer so I wanted to complain regarding customer care and I got email id for " resolution " where you can complain in your not satisfied with customer care. At resolution also I got same reply that I was not eligible for this promotion. I was feeling CHEATED so I sent the same PDF to resolution email id and had informed them that if after seeing this PDF also I have informed that I am not eligible than I would knock the doors of consumer forum. SURPRISE SURPRISE the next day I got my rightfully deserved voucher worth Rs 2000. MORAL OF THE STORY : Save copies of any promotion like I had done or there is no option to fight back NOW THE REVIEW OF THE PHONE PROS ; BATTERY THOUGH GOOD LASTS ONLY FOR A DAY.I HAD HEARD A LOT OF POSITIVE REVIEWS OF THE BATTERY CAMERA GOOD NOT GREAT MOST APPS CAN BE MOVED TO SD CARD CONS : MUSIC TOO SLOW ON LOUDSPEAKER SOUNDS GREAT WITH HEADPHONES EARPHONES CHECK BEFORE YOU BUY AS NOKIA HEADPHONES NOT COMPATIBLE WITH THIS SET MICROSIM CARD IS A REAL PAIN IN THE A..... DIFFICULT TO REMOVE ONCE YOU INSERT IT
Phone is very good in almost all aspects. But packageing of product is very cheap and poor. Amazon should take an action on this.
Just update your android software then you can move the apps to SD card. The option can be found in Settings -> Apps
had buy this phone a month ago..my review as follow.. As look wise phone is classy.. performance is good,even battery backup is too good to compare with other smartphones, BUT there is a huge problem.. if you have been installed some apps and moved it on your SD card then after some days the mobile gets hanged and the apps you have installed,its shows that installed in phone but you cant see there shortcut & you cant access them..so you have again download it from playstore and its really worst
A great phone with added NFC feature in this price. I checked it non-Sony NFC camera and found no problem. Camera is really impressive for its specifications. You can move downloaded apps to SD card but some pre-installed do not give this option. Slick design. user interface is pretty friendly. Overall, A great phone.
Battery service good........
GOOD as a device but memory should be 8 GB to make it excellent ,preloaded apps uses 80 % internal memory you are left with 500MB.
Very nice looking black set .Very nice smartphone with a good battery back up.RAM as well as the inner features are good.
It's very slim and unexpected option there. Nice to use, battery  is too good. Picture quality also good.
Superb phone, bright display, fast! Excellent battery and signal reception! Better than moto G!
Quality off camera is not touch my expectations. Headset which provides with the set is not properly connect with the port, otherwise. It is OK.
battery is too good than moto g 2nd gen......no compare at all with any others phone including 4g.its really fast.......
love u amazon look wise no comparesion with this,body has a rough surface so no chance to slip from hand very very handy mobile music is as Sony always provide a bit memory is less and camera is not enough to today generation but overall mobile is excellent i think if anyone want to buy a new mobile then grab it
Xperia e3 is not good. I got a problem with in a month. Ear speaker(internal) got damaged. I could not able to hear the voice until i put it on speaker. It disappointed me a lot. When i visited the store, i got to hear the same problem from couple of customers. I could guarentee you will get a good phone in same cost
Great Experience. Got the product within 12 hours as promised. Love to shop again and again.
Best smartphone in its range. The camera,display and sound quality is awasome.
Motherboard Problem with Phone memory not control in the Apps and hang any time
Its an awesome product i got ever. I got this awesome phone on amazon.in at only Rs.7999 in an lightning deal. Its a worth phone from Sony. But this has a memory concern. it has too less Internal memory. But after all, Its Awesome Phone in budget ever.
With in 2 months this micro phone stopped working. Now i need to go service centers. As i am not busy not able to get it repaired. Also storage is 2 GB only not 4 GB as claimed. Seems i got a defective item, never expected this from Amazon.
Good mobile. But some apps are not uninstall. Jo company se aati he.
This is a good product and its not as thick or small as in the picture....it has quite a large display and has multiple connectivity options but i give it 4 stars because it doesn't have some of the most popular apps in-built and occupies 1.5gb of the 4gb already...
Its very good phone.Battery back up is good.Got in time.The only thing is that the camera, but otherwise also quality photographs are combination of light, aperture, shutter speed.But in this budget its value for money.
It is very good mobile. Fast performance, no hanging or heating issue. Battery life one day on heavy use. It has 4gb of internal memory that is very low. If you dont need bigger games then it is best.
It is an amazing, awesome and excellent phone....Only one problem is internal memory... Hence we have to use memory card 4 that....it is slim, sleek good design.... And battery  backup is amazing!!!
UI is awesome.. Everything is very good but there is an app for music Walkman which pauses for 1 min and continues to play.. Memory management seems to be bit difficult..
Missing the basic need of good media consumption due to lack of 720p hd screen Missing gaming needs due to lack of inbuilt storage because apps can not directly install on sd card I just want to save anyone from frustration of buying this device And dont take this points lightly because this things matter a lot in day to day usage If u want good build quality and trust of tier 1 brand ther is always moto g 2nd generation waiting for u
Phone is awesome.. But internal storage is less...otherwise the best phone launched by Sony in reasonable price... But I got it in rs 11735...suddenly the price drop
phone is good but camera very very poor and video recording very very poor and pethetic...............if you like camera dont buy this china camera phone
product is brand new and in good shape
Good Quality Phone.. Always Love Sony
If u haven't used any phone which resolution is more than this then u can go for it. but as i m user of this phone won't recommend it for u.
Very nice camera for video at day light , but the thing is inbuilt memory is not enough, overall sony is always best ,anyway i am giving 4.2
First I have got faulty piece. there was heating problem. then i returned it and bought another one again. Now all good.
Nic phone with very good features in this range. Slim,length is ok. All other things are satisfactory for normal daily use.
phone often hangs if there is network issue. 'end call' does not work if there is problem with network and even i cannot shut the phone. i have to use semi-hard restart (since battery is irremovable) by pressing volume and power button together. need to correct this error.
Very prompt service thanks amazon Good branded phone with all necessary features and its a Sony !!!!
Sorry to say this,it's very worst and hangs each and every hour.can i have any salvation for this?
No doubt this one definitely a good product from branded Sony. You cannot expect amazing features under 11k. Android kitkat makes your life smoother, you’ll not be frustrating for its performance. You can play your middle range games but do not install high end games. High end games can decrease your mobile performance and battery back-up with 1 GB ram and clocked speed at 1.2 GHz. Best part of the product is its back-up almost 14 hrs of talk time with single charge. Do you want to compromise with the battery back-up and camera then go for ANDROID 1 by Micromax. I am sure you will not be regret for that with just 6.5k, you are getting android1 and clocked speed at 1.2GHZ. Best part of android1 is you do not want to do the manual update for every time new software arrives. Update will be taken care by GOOGLE automatically. No doubt both are good products but I will suggest you to buy Android1
dont buy this.....i am using this product last 1 month but now its display little whiteness....can u tell me what i do?
The Sony Xperia E3 wants to make a splash but not rock the boat of Sony's other midrangers. Now, that sounds like a tough brief but the Xperia E3 might just have enough to get noticed in the crowded mid-range market. Bang for buck is key here and the most affordable Xperia of this generation offers plenty of it. The sub-720p screen counts against, but it readily over-delivers in other departments. The battery life is arguably its most potent weapon - the Xperia E3 can easily outlast most of its rivals and by a very comfortable margin too. LTE and the exclusive Sony apps work in its favor, the solid build earning it some extra points. Unfortunately, the camera is no better than we are used to - despite the generous promises on paper.
its very excellent battery and processor,i am very glad to purchase this phone.
Faster delivery than flipkart.com. Very good phone, it responds to your actions with great illumination. Far better than MOTO G. Strongly recommended from me.
smooth operating camera clarity is good totally everything is good go for it
Its a good product. Net speed is good. No lag problem and receive in time.
It is very good and services is better. No matter it is worth of your money
Good in looking ausom battery good camera good is all feature in mobile
Not was the camera good and touch and this phone is not pretty good
every thing is good with phone but battery life is not as expected.
Only internal memory is problem otherwise its ok.Battery was good.
It's front camera is bad BT other features are good news slim
good product..but i was giving more money than market price....
Badhiya mast phone h Socho mat Lelo
It's a nice device.. Features are perfect  combined with it
Product is good. Picture quality is 7/10. Batteey backup good.
Low quality of Camera,.very bad photo's..Otherwise its nt bad
Fully satisfaction Best smart phone.Good Bettry life.
Good Phone...Need to update...after update it works fine.
The Sony smartphone is aweawesome and performing good.
internal storage very low this system slow processing
good phone go through it front cam is not good.....*
Lot of issues,, i totally disappointed with the sony
poor sound,finishing poor and display poor,.....
this is amazing phone sony i LOVE amazon
But its available for a less prize in showroom.
Good Mobile to Use ,Great Service from amazon
Nice phone but where is my free recharge???
If you are from Nashik . Please don't buy the product from Sony . They cheat you by delivering defected damage accessories and the service centre will defend the complaint saying that you mishandled it and that is not covered in warranty. Go for any other brands but avoid sony
Picture and video display definition poor
aWssM pHone. . . . . . . :) :) :))) *.*
good mobile value for money......
OK but Internal Memory some Short 2GB
Stylish phone... But not worth
now amazon is also giving duplicate products.. never expected it from amazon.. this s*** mobile phone is not getting turn off easily and then we have to use power button and volume up key to turn it on. sometime its not showing signals also..
Stylish mobile, I like this model.
Sony's good work with low budget.
I LOVE IT NICE PRICE IN OFFER.
Gud product but not excellent
Best bettery backup and look
it is good phone. but amazon
good product for the price..
Good product as expected. But once feel it is getting hot while transferring the data from computer for 20 minutes.
Good, but the delay in receiving the product from your end was not communicated in time. Later after follow-up it was done. Anyway
Thanks amazon for delivering the product without any delay and the product is just awesome in look and performance is also good.
very nice smart phone
A very good product!!
Really works well....
Stylish design 4.5 inch Display not too large not small. Full HD video player & recording. There is Flash light for back camera contradict with the provided specification. Awesome sound with Xloud clear technology Walkman full fills our mp3 song playing. Clear sound in speaker but not so loud. The basic head set not efficient so have to buy a bass booster headset. Internal memory not sufficient After got the xperia e3 the 1st step you have to take is buying an sd card for storage purpose as well as application installing. But some apps like whatzap cannot be move to sd card. Also take attention in updation of applications. It will Eat your internal memory.
It was good Product.
The Mobile is excellent. When i got my Free charge balance of R.S. 2000. please tell me
An excellent phone
very fast delivery. First impression is most favourable. Decent looks. comfortable features.
Excellent mobile for this price Excellent mobile for this price. The device has a quad code processor which makes it possible to run 15+ apps at a time without any issues. Though there are 2 minor concerns which i have encountered in my last 1 month usage - 1. Camera quality is not good. but it is ok for me as I have a good cam with me. 2. the phone stuck 2 or 3 times without any reason. I had to remove the back cover and take the sim to restart it. I could not reproduce it though.
Bad Front camera
Extremely good.
Bad product hange and no service from Sony center Sony broke my trust
When i book this mobile i saw 4gb internal memory but when i received this mobile i get 2gb interal memory this is the mistake in this mobile & after recd mobile .. using 2 day it get black screen for out going call & i hv some probm. for getting update app. I hv 16 gb external memory but two gb internal memory get full for getting update app. Pl solve my problem
Nice product
RELAY GOOD.
Its awesome
nice phone
great deal
Nice phone
I have purchased sony xperia e3 with more expectations but it couldnt fullfill it camera quality is poor when compare with samsung phones which range starts from 9000/- ring tone volume also very low even we put it in maxium its better to go for samsung or moto g instead of buying this
Superb !!
Loved it
Nice one
after purchase of the product, with in one month the product getting problems as well iam trying to replace with Amazon, but the said the due date is over now iam baring the product
Can we move aps to sd
Good!
good
GOOD
Nice
Good
Good
Phone is hangs a lot and does not read sim card properly as well as memory card.
I BOUGHT SONY E3 DUAL SIM. BUT SIM 1 NOT WORKING IN PHONE.
good product but again prompt delivery is an issue.
bad experience . hang so much
YOR SARVIS IS BED
ph stack avutondi
product seal open rcvd
Good
Bad
ok
Not that much good as was expected . Very slow in working . As screen also cheap quality.
Not better than moto g 2 .....only battery is better but moto g has many other features also........jo truth h so hai.....
