B00NPYM3US
very worst. any one don't buy this mobile. camera is very worst VGA camera will be greater than this. now internal speaker is not working. there is no "ZERO" ratting hence i gave one star ratting. Please go with good brand instead of intex.
i purchsed intex Aqua y2 black, amazon transport good delivery intex mobile is good tuch screen, best price, but 5mpx very poor qulaity this mobile fleep cover not in market
worth for money....satisified
its hangs everytime.... touchscreen is not good camera not worthy
its camera is worst and the keypad of this phone is not good sometimes it doesnt works properly and the touch is not good remaining is good processor is fast.
Ordered my phone yesterday night and received my phone today evening, have to say the delivery was very fast. Good Job Amazon. Keep it up Impressive. As for the phone, very nice phone at this price. Also, all the accessories (mobile cover, scratch guard, etc..) were placed inside the box along with the phone (reducing the cost of buying a cover, scratch guard). Overall , a good packaged phone at a wonderful price.
I was not among the luckiest, the piece i got came with a boo boo sound while making calls (the party on the other side of the call wont be able hear a thing because of this). Cons Speed is comparatively good, Useful pre-installed Apps Lot of freebies coming along :-) Cons 5 MP Camera (can only be compared to a VGA) Didnt even use the front camera. Boo boo sound while making calls Cheap display they claim its IPS Battery life. Verdict: Try your luck if you want something at this price, has a lot of features for the price (leave the camera)
It is the best phone experience I hv ever had......it is a chhota packet vada dhamaka...please buy it I reccomend it yaar........
awesome mobile friends i have purchase from amazon.in myfonestore seller and they give us nice delivery of product.......Intex Aqua Y2 android 4.4.2 kitkat (Black) Mobile Phone is too good
Good handset, low budget with good configuration,
Very good smartphone at an unbelievable price.
i got the mobile very easily because amazon transport is good but the 5mp camera is wrost so please don't select the mobile its a waste of money......
Looking very stylist.........Viewing angles are nice.......but ram is 512 mb...Camera quality ok,but I think 5 MP Camera should more good quality...
the fone meets my demands, but has no CDMA sim slot, screen stuff is not upto my expectation. for the price it is ok. keyboard is overlapping..
I ordered black but I got white...
Overall phone is good. but Ringtone is very low.Couldnt hear ringtone if phone is in another room. Sound of speaker is ok.
The set is ok for people with normal iq. Sound quality is not up to expectation. At the price provided this a nice set.
except touch all other options are not good. especially cam it is not 5mp it is equal to vga cam.dont go for this
in instruction we saw WCDMA i think this is cdma but after received my reliance cdma not working on this this phn
It comes with all the features that a 3G phone has. It even comes with a screen guard and cover. Just awesome.
Be sure - Very poor Camera quality. Very poor battery backup. Overall performance is average.
very fast by using games.battery packup is very gud insteadof Samsung intex brand is sooooo gud
very nice phone new ver sion and roid jelly bin 3g
Its worst mobile dont waste ur money go to anotherone ..but dont buyy wasteeeeeeewwesteewe
With this price features are amazing...Till now it is one of the best within this price.
i am so happy with shoping amozon its realy cool and quality is also awesome watch
Display went off in early month. intex customer care is not proactive in banglore
this mobile is useless and all with problems in one month after purchasing
wastage of money
Those is one of the good mobile for game plying battery pickup is good
This is very good phone for this range .but camera clearty not good
It is good deal to by this Intex Aqua Y2 model phone in this price.
Camera is good,but sound speker and battery sever are not good
amazing experience with intex aqua y2.... very very good
It's a gift for my mother...she is very happy with it
Everything is good for this budget except camera....
best phone in this range ... if u are planning to buy then just go and grab it ...... superb touch ,superb internal storage , with 2 gb sd card can handle at least 20+ apps and 4 games , camera is fab in day but not upto the mark in night , kitkat in this range is added advantage , battery last upto 24 hrs if operated whole day otherwise atleast 2 days , lookwise no doubt 'the best' , a worth buying phone it is ....
Very nice phone. Meets our requirements very well.
It vary good, good functions, value for money .
it'sawesome,cheqpest and fulfil all requirement
Well and good.............very impressed......
This phone is a low end smart phone. If you are beginner in smart phone use then this is a good phone to learn on. However, the navigation and usage of this phone is not easy. Its icons are placed in a complicated fashion; that make navigation and understanding little difficult. It is a robust phone by physique but aesthetically a cropper.
Very nice phone . Best with such a low price
after one week the ear phone is not working
PLEASE PLEASE DONT BUY.....ITS VERY BAD MOBILE PHONE WHICH I EVER SAW. POOR SENSORS...POOR TOUCH SCREEN....GUI IS PATHETIC......I WASTED MY MONEY....PLEASE DONT BUY. ON PAPER CONFIGURATION LOOKS PRETTY BUT IN REAL ITS DUMB. NOT EVEN WORTH OF RS.1000. I JUST HATE THIS PHONE.
It looks nice. My first order from Intex.
this mobile keypad is not working properly so i am not satisfied with the product.
speaker problem its not working properly
Super set this is sony expiriay opptions
Expected a better product but not a bad
Not a good deal phn speaker is not good
Its a nice phone and all assories......
i recommend buy from amazon ..good
"PRODUCT IS GOOD HAPPY TO DEAL
The phone is good for that price
Good quality products by Amazon
good product in this price tag
nice budget phone with endtoid
camera is very cheap quality.
very nice phone no complaint
Nice Product & Nice service.
Nice ..Aweson Battery Backup
It's battery life not good
FULLY SATISFIED WITH PHONE
Use full mob in Low Price
Overall it is good phone
Very poor quality 5mp camera .lose of my money.touch quality very bad.it's flip cover and screen guard not available in market .
i like it. good mobile
mast hai maja aa gaya
not bad working good
good.... I like it.
PLEASE DONT BUY I am writing this review after using it for almost 2-3 months so please note this is not a review written in the heat of the moment. The touch experience is by far the worst I have experienced and I am saying this even after handling other budget phones. I bought this phone for a senior citizen and even he thinks the phone is slow. It also has a battery issue i.e. even when it shows 80 % charged it goes to 0% in less than 30 mins at times even when it not being actively used for games or anything or having active data connection. I will not recommend this phone to anyone I know.
good performance
good mobile to use
i have ordered this phone because in this range no Phone is available with all such facilities.
it is realy good.
As per phone features screen size very small.And over all phone is goog in this price.
rate wise okey
Very cute pic,
West of money
super mobail
Good phone
i like it
I love it
Very Good
VERY GOOG
Got more than expectation from this phone, did not expect such efficient device at this price. though internal memory is 4 GB and RAM is 512 MB but still giving good speed with 3G connection. Overall super performance and value for money.
its okay
Ecellent
Deliery is good bt u ppl send defective products and fool the innocent customers. and i am still waiting for my product to be refunded with the actual price that i paid.
Overall its fine I will rate by four stars but only I am confused with camera setting as it is not good during the artificial light as far as clarity is concerned.
244713
Super
Super
thank
RAM too slow. it shud have been atleast 1 GB. but ok with me. so my rating also slow at 3. regards, sanjeev.
nice
nice
Good
good
good
good
good
intex Aqua Y2 smart phone. its good but battery backup is very pure. only 2 hours maximum.
i bought a mobile it very useful to me, and cheap cost, it,s awesome....
the date on product is 2010. still it's god for my requirement.s
Excellent Andriod Mobile with Lowest Price & With Best Features
camera quality is worst. VGA camera is better then this 5MP.
ok
ok
Is it useful for reliance CDMA sim?
cemara clarity is not ok
Excellent
