B00O4TORUC
Bought this device as a gift and it took almost a week for the device to get delivered due to festival holidays. Have been using the device for almost 24 hours now and the usage has been heavy. Here's what it think about the device: WHAT IS GOOD: The screen is a delight to watch as the 5.5 inch panel powers up to vivid colors. The build quality is good and feels sturdy and due to tapered edges and reduced thickness, the device doesn't feel all that huge. The speakers were pleasantly loud and clear - didn't really expect such clarity. The stock Android 4.4.2 is easy to use with minimum frills. The IT Remote was easy to setup and worked effortlessly with my LG Smart TV, Airtel DTH and LG DVD player. The finger print scanner was another surprise and was fairly simple to setup. I'd however prefer the number lock. The battery life is fairly decent - started the day will foll charge at 4:00 AM and the usage has been fairly heavy throughout the day. 17 hours later, the batter was down to ~50%. Overall build quality, call quality, user interface, etc is all good. WHAT COULD HAVE BEEN BETTER: The backlit capacitative keys were barely illuminated - for long I thought that there was no illumination. The camera interface seems difficult and very non-intuitive. The charging port and the cable provided dont seem to fit in too well at time. The Floating Task widget, bundled with the software seems distracting at times and I finally had to disable it. One last thing, I noticed a wierd thing with the Browser - When I click the link on a page like "news.google.co.in", a new tab opens up but teh URL does not open.May need a few trials open the URL. Overall, I think its a good phone with good Value for Money...if you are looking for good large phablet, IR sensor, good battery backup, additional memory support and fancy items like a finger print scanner.
I have been using this phone since a week, and i will say you will not disappoint after buying. Pros:- 1. 5.5" screen with good colors reproduction 2. Gorilla glass 3 protection 3. 1GB DDR3 RAM 4. fair decent battery backup compare to its companion(1.5 days with medium usage/1 day with heavy) 5. Loud and clear sound (DTS surround) 6. Finger print protection 7. Support universal remote activity 8. Build quality awesome 9. Good quality Free flip cover, earpiece set 10. no lag, no issue in interface 11. Decent camera interface 12. OTG supported Cons:- 1. No LED notification light 2. No black backcover available
good phone bt Accessories not Available in market.... plzzz hlp for back cover screen card glass..
Good phone.
Not bad...gudone it is...
Pros Good display with good viewing angle Good camera Good processor 1gb ram enough to handle multitasking Cons Battery is not enough for me Cant find after market accessories Finger print sensor is not that good Future os update is not certain
I am big fan of xolo mobile no any compare on prize range display kwality prosseser. Most important its Indian brand.
It's good for using my self. Battery camera and finger print sensor is very good for this much of price.
Good
Good product in such price range.
I love it
More than expectation
Amazing experience so far using the phone. Fingerprint sensor is working properly. And the battery lasts for 1.5 days on WiFi moderate usage.
Overall experience with phone is good as of now, working fine...:)
