B00O525Z68
good ,worth for the money that i paid,good camera
Amazon sent me a 170 days used phone. When I gone to register in Lenovo site it has been already registered. And Rear Camera quality is near by 2MP only, Front camera is look like VGA. Bettery is discharging very fast. Charger is also not lenovo's charger. I have to rate even less than one star for amazon & this cheap phone. Its waste of money.
Battery backup is very poor.
Nice., works fine.. worth of money.. but right now we have better versions with this rate..
Nice Product , Product is up to my expectations I am satisfied with this product
Im very happy to being a Lenovo customer, Im using Lenovo phone since 2 year and had grt experience, Good service, good batter backup, price is upto customers satisfaction, good camera clarity.
Gud fon in this price range. Touch quality, camera, performance are good. Stylish look.. only problem with the fast draining battery... Excellent delivery system by Amazon.in. hats off...
Really a good budget smart phone. camera clarity is good. battery back up is very good. all the functions meets the lenovo promises...!
Phone is good, but battery quality is poor & unreliable
Specifications are good,but battery backup is poor.Battery drains in 5 to 6 hours if you use data.It will last up to 12 hours if u don't use data and with minimal calls.Amazon service is superb and their own delivery facility is also fantastic..Recommend for those who have minimal calls and no data usage
Gr8 device in this price range.
bad phone. charging point is on the ear side. its very much getting heated even during calls. battery is not lasting for 1 hour with uasage of data, even whatsapp.
Good and prompt service
VIERY OREST PHONE
Paisa vasul
WORTH IT...
Feels big and solid in hand. Touchscreen is smooth. Speed is ok. The default screen guard is good enough, so didn't have to open the screen guard packet; it also came with a back cover. No SD card is provided. The only disappointment is the Headphones -- it is cheap, the plugs doesn't even go inside my ear.
Good phone
battery backup is very very poor
thik thik...
Good
Extremely amazing phone I like it
Excellent
Hi frnds this mobile battery is very heat back side on play game and also heat at charging time i dont want to buy this item another time also note that amazon service is so good they are refund my money so fold lenovo not amazon service
Nice phn
Postives - latest os 4.4.2 with lenovo frequent updates camera good in daylight. phone doesn't heat much can uninstall most preloaded apps to free memory can install apps directly on memory card Negatives - very heavy camera absolute useless in low light, though it has flashlight it's equal to no flash. Screen display not good, low ppi 218 no proximity sensor sound clarity through speaker average, through lenovo headset worst. Battery : 2000mah at its worstest, with just one app or game running With lowest brightness and no sound n with no background apps lasts just over 2hrs. Verdict : I would never recommend this even if your a moderate user.
BETTER THAN NOKIA AND SAMSUNG IN THAT PRICE RANGE, WORK PERFORMANCE ARE FAR BETTER THAN SAME CATEGORY OF OTHER MOBILE. IF WANT LOOKS DON'T BUY COMPANY HAS TO THINK ABOUT SLIM & LOOKS
