B00OCHDUE0
This phone is so good,i bought it and it's running so smooth and nice,speed of net is so good. I don't know why you criticize this cell but i thibk it's very good phone with excellent features and power of quad core processors comes with 1GB ram.who told u that u can't move applications to your memory card? Only few apps ,you can't move. You can buy this phone without doubts,it's look so nice,slim and vibrant. OTG is available in setting>about phone>latest updates Camera. Quality is impressive, though i use mx camera application It's a budget phone with amazing features so you can't compare it with costly phones 4GB rom (2.1 gb user device memory approx ) can install to many applications so quickly I recommend, just go n buy it.
great phone for the price that offers stock android experience similar to the Nexus programme. Not to mention it will receive updates for atleast 2 years directly from google(im currently running on lollipop 5.1). These android one phones are basically budget Nexus devices. Only drawback would be battery life i guess which is average.
Good product
Pls pls pls don't buy any karbonn mobiles. Its quality and service was very poor.
The android one is revolutionary in itself, but karbonn does compete justice ot implementing it into their hardware. With crisp display and fluidic performance, there is no reason for one to give up on this incredibly low priced quality android phone. The only thing I felt that it could do better is in terms of battery which lasts me just about a day if used ideally.
Karbonn phones are worst don't buy them!!!!
Karbonn Sparkle V is an Android One device released along with other AndroidOne devices from Spice and Micromax. Since this is build on Google's reference design, all these devices have the same internal specs, only the outward looks change. What's in the Box : Phone,Battery,Screen Guard,Charger,Headphones (Not in-ear ) Display : IPS Display with Good viewing angles and is pleasing to Look at even though the PPI is low. No Complains. Looks and Build Quality : The back panel is not matte finished, rather it has a smooth panel and is not that grippy. The front of the device is almost identical to other First Gen Android One devices. Build quality is OK for the price. The phone is quite heavy which is surprising as it only has a small 1700mAh battery inside. Software and Performance : This comes with Android 4.4.4 out of the box and is expected to get Android L update by the end of January. Google is promising 2 Years of Software support which is great for the price. Overall performance of the device is good, hardly saw any lags while Multitasking. Mediatek Mt6582 quadcore performs quite well and you can play many popular games without any issues. Camera : Both Cameras are just Average, nothing to get excited about. Battery: This only has a 1700mAh Battery, which won't last a Full day of use if you use Internet often. This is, in my opinion the biggest issue with these AndroidOne devices. To get better backup from this small battery, Use ART Runtime ( Google Search to know how to Switch to ART from Dalvik ). Hopefully, we can expect further Battery improvements in the upcoming Android L OTA for this device. Storage : 4GB internal. Around 2.5GB Available. You cannot choose default app install location as the sdcard, but you can Move supported apps to Sdcard. OTG is not Supported. Verdict : I bought this solely for the 2 year Software support from Google. If you don't care about updates, you can get better devices under 10K range in India now. If you have access to a charging port always,like a laptop or a pc, the small Battery is not that big a concern.Next gen AndroidOne devices are coming First Quarter of 2015,with better specs and hopefully a bigger battery.I would recommend waiting for those if smaller battery and a low resolution display is an issue for you.
