B00O3YF0FO
hi, I am currently using this mobile from more then 25 days , battery backup is good, it easily last for 1 day even after watching 2 movies & battery remains by 23% at the end of the day camera quality has also improved as Compared to past intex available products. video quality is good. easily connect to the Computer/Laptop and share the files videos as an when Require. it has Otg cable support where data can be easily transfer to pendrive as per the Requirement. Music sound quality is good and loud without headphone except for in comming call tunes. one major problem is FLIP COVER IS NOT AVAILABLE FOR INTEX AQUA STAR POWER, HAVE TRIED A LOT . pls let me know if available -prshntnyk9@yahoo.co.in
Can run vice city, asphalt airborne, and high end games easily, damn good, bad thing is just camera average, can run hd video playback 1080p crispy display,
divyansh agrawal - Amazon Marketplace - I'm very happy to contact with him, each n every mail I got reply n support lots. I'm really happy, n want to say others who want buy, I pesonally suggest to buy from here only.
good mob lo g battry life bul low qulity cammera
There are FIVE reasons why I would not recommend this phone to anyone else. Don't get me wrong, its not a bad phone, but there are better ones at the same price. First: Phone memory i.e internal storage is poor...only One GB. NOTE...this is not the phone storage which is 4.88 GB. See there are three memories which one has to contend with, one is SD card which is not a problem, you buy it separately. The PHONE STORAGE is 4.88 GB while the INTERNAL STORAGE is .98GB. So total is approx 6 GB whereas the box says 8 GB internal. Anyway the issue is that due to the INTERNAL STORAGE being approx 1 GB, APPS CANNOT BE DOWNLOADED FREELY. You have to constantly delete the old less used apps before there is sufficient memory to download new apps or even updates. PAINFUL. Second: Transfering contacts from phone memory to phone storage has to be done manually, tried it all but to no avail. Third: NO FLIP OR ANY OTHER COVER AVAILABLE...this is painful since anyone would like to protect the phone. I even wrote to the company but all they sent be was a reply stating that the cover is not part of the box!?!?!?!? Four: No reviews on the phone are available on the net, nor any accessories. Five: No support from the company on any of the above issues... Folks, unless you don't care much about technology, stick to better known brands... Till then, Regards Jai
Camera poor, battery backup ok and good working
good performances and battery back is too good.
bad product
Good fone
good
Totaly Dabba piece.... !!!! from first day screen showing green gridlines.... so I submitted my cell phone to service centre and it has been more than a month there is no response Intex Phone Quality & after sales service is also pathetic
