B00OHEF02I
I bought this phone LG L FINO D295 on 10/01/2015. I am not able to find some basic features which are mandate for a smartphone above 11K. 1. No notification light for Charging , low battery , full charge. 2. No notification lights for messages , missed calls. 3. As of now, there is no guarantee whether this phone will be getting upcoming ANDROID updates. Inbuilt ANDROID version of LG L FINO is Kitkat 4.4.2 whereas Kitkat 4.4.4 is latest one. 4. Yesterday , I checked for latest software update it showed that SOFTWARE UPDATE KITKAT 4.4.4 is AVAILABLE. Even after successful updation of software , I observed that my phone was still showing old ANDROID version i.e. KITKAT 4.4.2 . 5. Cannot keep Camera Shutter SOund on Silent Mode. 6. Only Panorama option for clicking photos . No Night Scene /Landscape /Document etc. is available. It is my humble request to all LF L FINO Users to share views /opinions incase you have a solution to above highlights. One of the best feature that I observed on this device is "VIBRATE ON CALL CONNECT" : If we call a person and he/she answer our call , immediately we will receive a vibrate which is a sign that our call is answered.
I have purchased LG L FINO (Dual ) and i am satisfied with the features it is offering
I've purchased this product from market in a much higher price but i would like to purchase it from amazon other then this it is the best smart phone I've ever used in this range. I would personally suggest that if you are buying your first smart phone and don't want to own an apple or black berry or then you should go for this as its unique in itself and has its own style and class with lots of such amazing features which only LG can provide. It contains 1 gb ram but supports all the games in such a way that you will love this phone. Further its design with sound key at back is something which attracts you at the first look as the idea was brilliant to do so. I've rated it 4 star due to the extra cost which I have to pay for this item however if the item was available at this price I would like to give ti 5 star
