B00P2HZDOE
Another amazing phone from Micromax. If you are looking for a Phablet in this range, then you have come to the right place. This phone is just wow. Now I'll discuss some of the basic features of this Phone. 1. Screen Screen size is 6.0" (maximum) in the phablet range. Yeah, it's quite big screen. Resolution is 854×480 with 167 ppi. You'll think that the display may be pixelating, but it is not so. Screen is pretty good and there is no sign of pixelation. Look wise, it seems great. It is slim too ( 9 mm approx ). 2. Camera Camera is really decent of this phone. It's 5MP auto focus camera (with HDR mode, Panorama Mode and Smile Shot). Color reproduction was absolute. It can record 720p videos upto 30 fps. You can't get a better camera in this range (unite 2 , fire 2 cameras are almost of the same quality, but still i'll place them above this phone in camera quality. Still the camera quality is much better than Karbonn or Lava Phones of the same range). 3. Speaker Speaker is not that great. Sound gets muffled a bit. But the headphones provided are really good. 4. Memory With 1 GB of RAM and 8 GB ROM, you can't expect more in this price range. You'll get 4.68 GB as the internal storage while 1.27 GB for apps installation. Apps can be moved to external storage. 5. Processor It has 1.3 GHz dual core processor. They should have provided a quad core processor but still for normal usage you won't find any lag. 6. Battery Battery is quite good. It has 2500 mAH battery, which gives you a good backup for almost a full day, under normal usage and 7-8 hours under heavy usage. You get Android Kitkat 4.4.2 right out of the box. It has a notification led. It has got smart flip cover with it in the box. I was able to play heavy games like frontline commando and vice city on my phone. If you are not a heavy gamer, I'll recommend this phone. Attaching a few pics taken in Normal, HDR mode in low light (without flash) and in no light (with flash). I bought this phone and I am not disappointed.
Genuine Product and Quick shipping...Big Screen and worth the price..
Camera is 4mp quite good in day light only, overall A102 is much better than other same range cell phones. for gaming is good. for watching videos very good. for photography average for music good. sim one (1) 3g sim two (2) GSM only 3g not supported battery 4 - 5 hrs on continues use stand by 8-12hrs no compass sensor is in built price range 6100INR - 6300INR DONT THINK.....JUST BUY IT
Nice phone! but did you people get a memory card with the package??
Can not install that much application which can be installed in another product like Unite2. When I run the flash application it hangs, i have to remove the battery and I just uninstalled that app. If you want a bigger device than only go for it, else go for other products.
it's good i'm happy by owning this product...
Duplicate mobile nothing is working properly
Great piece! However, I need a spare battery. Even a couple of batteries will not suffice.
Yea it's good. It has fulfilled my needs. And it may all most every one's favorite.
it has 8gb rom wow!n ram is also good.comes with flip cover n scratch guard.some says its just 4gb but trust me it has 8gb rom n runs on android kitkat.extraordinary. must buy phone.6 ince display looks like a 20K mobile.great
Awesome phone!!! .. with this price range.. I got it for 6297..
Excellent phone. This phone is better than the Sony mobiles compare to camera, internet,processor, MICROMAX DOODLE 3 A102 is amazing phone,the best comparison of this phone and Sony e3 phone is price more icromax doodle3 is 7000 but Sony e3 is 12000. The features are good and extra than Sony e3. MICROMAX A102 SONY E3 QUADCORE, DUAL CORECORE, 8 GB INTERNAA. 4 GB INERNAL MEMORY, MEMORY, 2 TIMES FAST 1 TIME FAST INTERNET, INTERNET, 6 INCH DISPLAY, 4.5INCHDISPLAY OTHER FEATURES ARE SAME.
its having only 5GB internal memory and touch is not working properly i want to return it plsss...
lovely only bigger size no features only for girlzzz
Very nice phone and size is much big like Tablet.
Nice mobile better than the canvas fire &unite 2
Awesome phone in this price range ...
good product ....... very nice phone
can't find anywhere in such cheap price
Fine, i save minimum 1000 rupees
Good Delivery and Product
Good Very nice
This is where fine
Awesome product
good... all...
Its soooo good
altimate phone
Good mobile
Good one
Not bad
superb
super
Good.
The phone is good working and look's good. Front can is .3 mp it is not good.Rear can is average. But performance is good .
Ordered this phone mentioning 8GB internal and quad core processor. Got the phone with 4GB and dual core
Good
good
Nice
Not bad....GSM + GSM is better....but the phone is not GSM + GSM.try to maid it.
i have got this product in 6282/- only in amazon.in , i have downloaded call of duty and gta vice city runs without lag awesome phone must buy this product.
very nice
1
