B00P0RFEZ4
Ok so i am posting this review after one month of usage.i had ordered it for my cousin. This is a great phone at this price range. Great features at this price range. It is running on stock android meaning it is nt altered by manufacturers. Great touch responce. Grip is good due to the rubbery finish at the back. There is no filemanager present in it but you can download it. Another great feature is its cloud storage which is almost 25 gb. Gaming is good in it no heating up of phone after playing with it for almost 1 hour. Hd videos ran well. Picture quality is good. Some peoples are complaining about its battery, battery will last a full day with idle use, 12 to 13 hours with moderate use and will last 7 to 8 hours if you use internet frequently. Now about the lollipop update, it will be delivered at the ending of january. About amazon.in, customer care service is great. I got the delivery after 10 days of order it war because i live in a town in odisha. Thank you amazon for providing cod in such rural areas. I have ordered another one for myself.
I have this phone and purchased on flipkart.this phone is good but battery is not a stand at day.battery backup is not good.but phone is bettet then other android one bcoz voice quality and sound is too good and also phone is running smoothly.
First the delivery from amazon was great. I got the product in a day even though it was 3-5 days. The phone itself is light and quite good. The video quality is good. Every once in a while it kind of hangs for a few microseconds, but overall the quality is great and the value for money is unbelievable. However I have been using a Nokia and wanted to check on an Android phone. I use it daily for work and Android as a whole the email system for exchange sucks. It is not even close to the experience one has in Lumia windows phone. Overall phone experience in windows my take is better.
Cons:If you are reading this review that means that you are planning to buy this phone.A normal person will buy this phone because it is from google so its build quality will be good.I am using the phone since october,and i dont find anything that a google phone has.you wont believe but when I play asphalt 8 on this phone,it gets heated as someone has put it on fire.Heating issues are not only while playing heavy games,it also gets heated if you talk for long hours.Battery backup is also an issue,only 5 to 6 hours after fully charged. Pros:This phone has a very good scope of development,if you will install custom roms on the device it is a very nice device in that aspect.Also it never hangs.Camera is also good. Suggestion:If you want to buy a low budget phone that gets OTA updates then do not buy this,buy a motorola!!!!
I am purchased this from flipkart big bilion day at rs5499 that is a excitant phone at this price and now lollipop 5.1 upgrades before other mobile like moto e
It is a good phone at its price rang. I've given 4 star because of the application inbuilt SPICE CLOUD is useless with annoying functionality. Battery backup is good in standby but if screen is on consumes much battery. Further i have a suggestion for spice that Flipcort shop application should be removed. And mostly i have to say the service of AMAZON is satisfactory and good.
The mobile is the best mobile this price ......its goods ......
Overall nice phone at this cost Everything is good except calling quality ,volume from front calling speaker is not sufficient to talk in noisy environment. This problem is in all 3 android 1 devices.
Very very nice phone....its amazing, its working fine as I expected, am able to use all the apps, supporting all games...I recommend this phone. Thanks to Amazon.. --- Mohan Prabhakar
I purchased this phone by offline it is best phone in operating and all bt major issue is battery which is very imp for sales person so i will give rating 7 out of 10.
The day I have recvd I'm returning it as WiFi is not working.completely disappointed.
Accept its battery its really a awosome phone
This phone is a gud buy..... i have been using this phone for a long time and i did not face any sort of lag in this phone.....camera quality is excellent....voice call quality is best at this ptrice range......battery of this mobile is average.....i recommend this phone to everyone.......full paisa vasool device .....must buy.....take care
Good phone... Battery backup is very less...
Good and best phone on this price
Go for it. I use this mobile for 2 months I don't have face any problem. Camera was too good in rear and front No lag problem. Only problem is internal memory is not usable for storing files
waste mobile, plz dont buy...
Good phone ...at this price
battery Backup is very less
Great phone for its price.
Nice Phone in this Range
All functions best phone
Network is poor quality
DO NOT BUY - Spice Android One - screen cracks in bags and pockets. Sd cards wont recognised all of a sudden. Very cheaply made and brakes without impact. flimsy back cover that will break in days of normal use. Their customer service is the worst. They will quote more than or about phone price to repair it and repair take months. Dealing with them and their repair service is hell. Parts are not available in open market. So the service team will exploit you. Save your life, money and run away from this Spice phone. You will repent buying and then will go through pain to get it repaired. Do yourself a favour and buy a better phone. I did a big mistake buying this phone.
Excellent
VFM product
It is fine
Nice phone
Loved it
The phone is really smooth! touch is better and brighter than Micromax and kaarbon.
