B00PQHZ4CQ
I bought this phone a week back. The phone is quite light in weight, slim and has a leather feel at the back panel which gives a very nice a sturdy feel while hand. It looks quite classy. The screen resolution is very good. It gives very sharp, crisp picture quality with quite rich colors. The 720p videos play properly without any lag. Front camera is really good (5mp) giving good quality selfies. Primary camera lives up to the mark. Sound quality is good enough. Loudspeaker gives a decent volume with good quality. When connected to my home theatre and car, the audio quality was quite good. Much better than samsung phones. The touch is very smooth and responsive, did not experience any lag till now inspite of 1 gb ram. The custom UI provided helps to handle phone using one hand, which is quite useful for a 5 inches screen. There is an option to switch to standard kitkat UI as well. The battery takes some time to charge, but lasts quite well. When fully charged and normal usage during the day (whatsapp, music, browsing few calls) the battery showed 48% charge remaining. I found this better than my Xperia ZR. Overall, a great value for money under 10k catagory. I agree that Panasonic as a brand is not that well known for mobiles and even I was a bit skeptical before buying this. So I first saw the demo in stores before buying and found it to be good. As the store was charging me more with additional charge on card swipe, I bought this on amazon. Overall, the phone looks great, works great...
Superb Awesome phone at the price tag of 10k 1.Great Touchscreen 2.Superb ultra clear Rear Camera 3.HD like feel video in full dark also 4.Front camera is also awesome 5.Battery backup is also good. 6.No hanging problems 7.LED for notification is good 8.Video steaming is excellent 9.Audio quality is excellent 10.Super Slim And back leather finish is awesome and most attractive 11.Ear phones, Charger, are very good looking and excellent quality 12.Light Weight 13.Flash Is Awesome 14.8 MP camera but giving 13 MP camera feeling 15.Free Excellent quality Flip cover by company 16.Not that much heating problems I LOVE IT....... Go for it
It has 4 days I m using dis mob and for my review, keep the price of did device in your mind.. 1- Build quality is superb with nice and classy looks n feel. 2- Camera both front n back reaches to its quality mark easily 3- Touch quality great signifiesing the brand Panasonic 4- Battery backup is like descent as per all android devices bt better than Samsung without NY cheating stamina modes 5- Now performance wise as per specifications it delivers then other mobs above this range here Panasonic has again proved. 6- Sound quality of dis mob is average in headset provided and loudspeaker being low in volume capability DAT IS ITS NOT BEST FOR MUSIC LOVERS 7- Apps can't b moved to sdcard bt not n issue due to 5.70 GB user space given 8- Networking capabilities fr wifi n both sim are good without NY issues OVER ALL GOOD BUDGET PHONE WITH RENOWNED BRAND TRUST (PANASONIC) Music lovers Heavy gamers dis device is nt recommended from my side...
non removable battery is the only thing i did not liked...... rest of the product is good...
Writing this review after 3 months of this use. Its a very good phone, good speed, UI is awesome, battery life is also good. we can go for this... i bought this phone after 2 months of search and was very confused with other phones.. Camera quality is really awesome, very very good... Had plans to take moto g, but after seeing it with my frnd the camera quality of moto g is not good and we need to go to gallery to access the picts taken. but the options and features is really very good in eluga s. i would suggest every one to go for this.. u will really love it... i have no cons on this phone.... no lags or hanging of this phone.. superb...
Check for quality. One sim slot not working/not detecting .(Japanese product never expected) . Other things looks cool. Returning the product.
Phone is good with good specs at this price, but am writing this to make all you guys aware about the pathetic service and customer care team of panasonic. I purchased this in Jan this year the ear piece of the phone went down in just 2months, the phone started giving abrupt responses whenever I connected the headphones. I got the authorise service center address from panasonic customer care number. The service center(vinayak enterprises-jhandewalan) guy replaced the ear piece and told me that panasonic ear piece has only that much of output sound, and the sound is such that one can barely hear while moving in the market, half of the sound of what any brand phone have, means the so called panasonic's latest smart phone failed to serve the basic function of a mobile phone.My phones service code; KJASPDL086515K31417 and thats the only thing they did logging service code for my phone. I even mailed the complaint to panasonic service email address but in reply they just suggested me to visit authorised service center without reading my email, moreover out of 3 only 1 email address works. So this is the TRUTH about the so called international brand Panasonic who boast of there service and quality - Customer first. My recommendation- dont buy this phone coz if you get a bad handset then all of your money is wasted.
Very good phone at 9500. Both Camera's are good(8MP and 5MP). Takes good quality pictures. Penasonic provided its own UI using that you can easily access the apps in 5 inch screen. In accessories you will get screenguard and flipcover. PPI ~294. Internal 8GB memory but around 5.5 GB can be used other used by apps and OS. 1.4 GHz, Octa Core Processor which provides very smooth multitasking. Only Problem in this phone is battery is not removable
Had to return this phone due to faulty sim1 slot. It was not able to detect SIM in slot1. Rest phone is good in this price range.
Great processor, good rear camara, gr8 front camara, easy ui and gestures would have given 5 stars if it had little more ram.
All features of this phone are excellent except the non-removable battery. But there are a few things that annoyed me or is not very clear. One, the opening point of the sim card holder was broken, and I have initiated a refund for that, so am confident amazon will refund it shortly so I can order a new one. Two, internal storage showed as 4.63 GB as against 8 GB when I didn't even download any games. Only whatsapp and hangout as additionals. Three, the volume is very low even with handsfree on. Four, the 2 GSM Micro SIM's are categorised as one 3G & 2G. Since I am returning the phone, I am not sure if both 3G SIM Cards will work or if one has a 4G SIM card that'll work.
I ordered the product last month but unfortunately i received a faulty product as the sim slot was not working. I Returned the product the next day itself. The mobile was for 24hrs with me and the handling was good. The main feature is the leather back which is quite appreciable compare to any other in this range. Panasonic also provides with classic headphones and further there isn't any need to buy any special music edition headset for special effects. Overall product is good and fulfilled my expectation. Picture quality is also worth. Go for it.. don't think much .
Product is good and upto my expectation especially its camera quality , as I m selfie freek so I like both its primary and secondary and seconday camera, design is beautiful specially its leathery touch internal memory is upto 5 GB . All things are good except its battery backup that thing disappoint me so much as if I need to charge 2 times a day really fed up, moreover its battery is non removable so u r also unable to change the battery.
After 4 months of use I dont recommend the phone. The sound is very less. Back light has stopped working. Camera quality not very good. Limited service center. If somesone calls, many time the screen remains blank for sometime then displays the name. While logging to irctc sometimes phone hangs. I feel at this range there are other better mobiles available.
I bought this phone two months back. Its a gud phone at this price. Its slim and lite, got a leather finish back, which looks cool. Never got stuck or hang until now. Performance is gud, nice gaming experience. All the high end games like asphalt 6, modern combat 5, nova....is working fine. Never get heated much. N the best part gud battery backup. The blinkplay option is cool
The mobile gets heated like hell while browsing..playing games and calling above 15mins...think the pricssor is not that good to support these functions..the signal strength is also not that good while travelling underground in metro..the rear camera does not seem to be 13 mp..poor than a 5mp camera of samsung....Panasonic again disappoints and fails attracting customers..
but my bluetooth is not working how can i solve it .. reply to rihaans785@gmail.com
An Awsome Phone 8 MP Rear Camera takes smoother picture 5 MP Front Camera/Selfie Camera takes good quality of picture Octa Core Processor Blink Play is truly Awesome And many more !!! Buyers don't waste time !!! Grab this phone and rock the world !!! Go For It !!!!
Good product - smooth touch, no lag in general activities (haven't tried gaming). Good camera - sharp images, good selfies. Unreliable delivery - they delivered it to a security guard of nearby office...can't believe that. Really thankful to that person who handed over to correct address.
Man its only 1gb need to improve ram for better performance in TRUEOCTA...
Best specifications in this price range..one hand use u.i is better..worth buying it..
Amazing... WiFi need a firmware update as it disconnects abruptly and does not pick repeaters. You may put in flight mode and remove to reconnect wifi once it disconnects... Overall, I am satisfied compared to Samsung phone..
Very good phone with all the hardware one actually needs but without compass. If Panasonic puts a bigger ram of 2 GB it could be best phone in the 30000 segment. Grt phone in this price range. More than expected.
Hi folks... Take my view this Panasonic eluga s is the best phone till date .. Value for money with all features and amazing battery. I have tried most high brands ultimately settled for eluga s.. Go ahead....
i am satisfied from this phone everything is very good
The best phone with great features. Camera too good. Feather touch screen & good sound too. Go for it and also at amazing price at Amazon. Thanks a lot Amazon for great service, product & price.
its excellent performance. am using mobile in one month..there is no structing .and am using net in 24/7 battery nearly may come in 13 hrs. am fully satisfied to purchesing this model
This phone is a branded yet awesome with high end configuration and price below 10k. No doubt one can go for it. I am giving this review using this mobile after 1 week.
Excellent phone in this price range. Meets my all requirements. The only lack on this phone is 1 GB RAM compare with it's processor. But in its price range, this phone is best.
Good phone for this range in every aspect. No lag running in regular applications and games. Battery backup is average I.e. good fr regular usage ; I have been using 3G and with regular usage practice it sustains 10 hrs. One problem I am facing with handset is headset when I plug in automatically starts music and while calling also if headset gets disturbed call ends. While running any video if headset wire is disturbed it pauses the video and shut down screen. Same with audio. This might be socket issue but I am facing from first day. Other than this no problem with device easy to handle
Everything is very good n included with all the features which I wanted to have in my cell, except 1 thing the ram have to increase from 1gb to 2 GB otherwise i m satisfied
Hi I wish to share my exp. On this mobile.guys plz go through it. This is my 5th smart phone. No doubt it is a good mob, I am partially satisfied. It is a world class brand giving China software which is bit disappointing. If u compare with huawei honor holly both are same and those who are new users only they can enjoy. Instead of spending money against Panasonic better to go for honor. But anyway its OK in looks wise and bit slow as compared to honor even it has 1.4 octacore processes where hohor have 1.3 quadcore. And storage space is less than honor.
Excellent Phone for this price,features and quality, solid 294 pixels per inch, 5 mp secondary cam, nice
this is awesum 1gb RAM with 8mp rear n 5mp front and this was also in my budget toooo especially i liked its menu style i can show off to my friends
Phone and camera performance is good.But there is issue in wifi. It doesn't connect n numbers of routers. And in my case after one of the sim slot got defected.
The non removable battery is a big problem, in case the mobile is stuck or get wet you won't be able take out the battery which will spoil the whole phone.
Superb phone in this range. Gr8 performance. camera also better. Only problem is flash. When we compare other phone's in this range I will suggest eluga s
Worth to purchase , blink cam feature is nice and customization of single click of apps is good. If you're looking for good specs under 10k go for it !!
its very nice smartphone with this price, one drawback is only playing 720p videos not playing 1080p videos,but ok very satisfy for this phone
It's an awesome phone. Very comfortable to hold and excellent feeling while to use it. and the product is brilliant. Extremely satisfied.
This fhon run is very good but I like this one tham applications and this fhon is a very slim I also like this and thanked by Amazon
Configuration of handset is good for the price you pay. But camera quality would have been better. Still I will say value for money.
A nice phone in budget fulfilling all requirements and not compromising on performance. LIke the single hand use UI!!!
Wonderful....it's more than expectations.. Works with superb speed.. Front camera fabulous picture quality... I love it...but guys I got bad experience while using eluga s.. Sim 1 not working after few days
best selfie phone..good rear camera..good battery backup..budget 10k phone..best value for money light weigt phone..great service by amazon
Its awesome phone I bought it and surprisingly satisfied don't go for other brands ... Eluga z the best....
The phone is working gr8. The touch is very smooth. Its working well and much better dan expected..
it is a magical piece and excellent at budget price with great utility.Great piece at a good price.
Please think befor buy..either of sim slots not detected any sim to use.. So i returned my mobile
Excellent smart phone.
good display clarity, awesome blink play and camera quality. sound is OK. good speed.
Hi friends; Even though it is short period since I started using the product, I have tried to check some of the applications and they are consistent with the descriptions given by the seller-Amazon.com. It is very slim and comfort to carry, the picture (photo) is very clear and more than expected, fast in using WiFi and other applications. The software is also latest. I can say it is up to standard product. In addition, original cover accessories are packed together. The only thing I am not comfortable with is that it's battery is fixed and not removable, and I do not know what will happen if some defect happens to the battery in the future. Moreover, I would like to extend my appreciation to Amazon.in for its delivery of genuine and original products.
Nice phone .. Amazon packing is really nice.. Good Panasonic brand ...
it is good but you have to work on it. camera is not reach my acceptation.
Good phone in this price range. Thanks to amazon.in for giving this great phone. I hav checkd all features of the phone, and finaly giving this rating. Great display. Nice front cam. Back cam 8mp is avg ok. phone speed excellent. Sound quality very good. Much louder.. Headset is also very good. Touch sensitivity excellent. Battery Backup is good compare to other similar phones. Internet browsing smooter,best performance. No issues in wifi operations. Bluetooth good performance. These are the things i realized while using this handset ....
Its fulfills your expectations. And don't expect much from Android.
I buy this product its very nice ,,,,,,,,,, its camera alsooo best
Go for it, better mid range smartphone with better battery backup.
Great phone for around 10000. Non removable battery is a problem.
Very good camera, many features A perfect smart phone to buy
The Best smart phone have ever usedD ,It feels amazing to handle.
It is best mobile on this Price range..it is value for money ...
I am using 10 min facebook or whatsapp mobile is heating issue.
Awesome phone.. Nice camera .. One must go for it..!!
nice product and also functioning well.......in 3rd month also
Really nice mobile . Value for money . Samsung never again .
Sound quality is not good enough. Rest seems to be okay...
I received mobile very quick...this mobile is awesome.....
Best budget advanced smart phone Fastest processor
Nice mobile but one problems only one sim support 3G
pretty satisfied with the product and accessories.
Touch and speed not up to mark.. but worth 10k..
Good phone.. Good battery Camera avg
nice every function works properly n smoothly
Camera is good....but battery is not so good.
Low volume can't hear other features is good
Very good phone....performance is very good.
PANASONIC ELUGA S EXCELLENT QUALITY PRODUCT
Good battery backup picture quality exelent
Good quality product. Ideal for normal use.
Camera is better then expectation,, i was using micromax canvas hd which have same 8 MP camera bt Eluga S does a more decent job in 8MP range,, average battery,, nice display,, flash is same as in micromax ,we can use flash only when we are taking pics if books or any closer object, wifi does work perfectly and connect faster then any samsung and micromax device,,,looks beatiful coz of its shining of black bodyy,,,overall a good phone and value for price if brand dont matters for you,,, still i can't say about their service centre
Very smart..phone display is very nice
It is a good choice in Panasonic.....
Guy excellent phone within budget!!
Superb Mobile With Great Features!
Good mobile & Good Amazon Service
Phone get overheat on game mode
It is very good mobile.go for it
Good product. value for money. .
I m satisfied. .it's a good set
nice phone ...good performance
Just fine and worth for money
Good Mobile with good cost.
very good product i like it
Its beyond my expectations!
Nice I am fully satisfied..
Nice handset quick service
Mobile is not working.....
Awesome phone dude...... ✔
Good to use. Nice clarity.
nice product............
ok , we can go with it
Yes its really awesome
I purchased this handset from Amazon within 1 day handset is in my hand on29th january . About handset:- 1.It is best in touch and screen resolution. 2.up to till date Internet is very fast. 3.flip cover is also good. 4.mobile back leather cover looking classy. 5.both back and front camera best. 6.it's dead set r as like samsung and sounds very good. 7.compare to moto g video quality video quality touch feel and headset r good 8.one thing i must say that i purchased this phone because of irritating micromax but it is updated version of micromax and no any additionalfunctions and apps provided by panasonic in this way it is micromax big bro
best phone under 10k
Gud 1 in less budget
Very Good Phone....
Very good phone....
battery is so weak
It is super phone
Great VFM phone.
Nice mobile....
AMAZING PHONE
Good product
good product
nice camera front n back if u compair to grand prime u will get best feartures in it i m also using this phone
Good mobile
awsm mobile
Lack of ram
Worst phone
It's better
excellent
very good
excellent
EXCELLENT
Rating this phone after 2days of usage. A bit slow being an octa core. Design wise simply cool. Front cam is cool. Back cam was not up to mark. There is no option to see and clear running apps from home page itself.
Nice phone and value for money
Nice phone in the pricerange
Camera is not so good ,over Heating issue ,low sound,microphone is poor quality ,low backup,display is not good whitish colour, Only i like its Light Wait...
Awsm phone in this range.... Just loved it... Front cam is the best....Looks stylish n its so slim.... Overalll great product to buy.
BUY IT !!!! ..excellent phone..good display, good sound, very user friendly interface, brilliant colour display, very good main cam & too good front cam, easy operation of all buttons with the main thumb, reasonable battery back up& the main thing .. internationally trusted brand! ..saying this 2 smalls cons : twin sim tray is bit difficult to open & the free case provided is not that stylish !
superb phone
Nice
Best
Good
good
Superb!!! blink play is nice app camera quality is better good Value for money
I suggest this wonderful mobile to all
Seems like Panasonic is back again... GD 90-92... Nice quality with almost everything u want in 15k range... Amazon u r doing a great job...
Nice phone,battery life also good
Nice phone and value for money
Its a pretty good phone at a price of RS: 9500.. Battery last more than 18 hours with 2G data and lots of Photos and 10-15 hrs with the WIFI ON. That's what a I expect from a smartphone within RS 10000 from a known manufacturer. Coming to the design- thin, nice back panel and UI is designed for single handed usage.
nyc phone it meets my requirements. ...... i thought battery back will be down but it is quite good while using the phone....gaming experience is better.....and camera is much better...i usually use to click selfy....
tooo goood
Excellent
Panasonic eluga s has all the attributes to catch the imagination of all segment of modern society with very good quality of 5 MP camera which is just the craze of selfie lovers and mind you there are plenty these days.With smart looks the mobile is a great attraction and should go places
Good phone. Basic accessories in box. Very satisfied.
not send to panasonic eluga s black
