B00PGQWJCU
This phone is awesome. It costs you 7,500INR trust me it's worth the buy. 1. Display- Good not bad but not worse.its pretty clear and does have good color definition. 2.Camera -8mp in the back does a good job in all light conditions and the front 2mp is good in proper light conditions. 3. Quad- core Feels like quad core. No lagging at all. Good benchmark test results. 4. Music that is why it got 4stars from my end. Not too good.Music lovers not a phone for you but yes a earpiece or headphone can solve the problem for you. 5. Call voice quality. THIS IS WHAT U CALL LOUD AND CLEAR. If it is not clear now then it's network issues or your ear. 6. Battery- The most hyped thing....and ut should be hyped. I take it off charge at 6am every morning. Whole day extensive use of Watsapp 3g full day ON and by 8pm back at home i still see 30% on it. I mean that is freaking awesome. I love this phone. Thank you lava for the 3000mah
Happy to buy the worth phone in that much price some small drawback are their but those are acceptable at such a comparative price but truly awesome rear camera i will prefer to buy if i need more in future
Hi People This is awesome Phone long Battery life maximum 3 days I like this Phone because it feature is very super super and low cost with compare features like 15000 rate phones I like to suggest this phone to buy to all
Very nice phone and battery is too good...
I am writing the honest review. I got d phone 2day itself and I thought up to write an review.guys this is an excellent phone all d features are excellent.some body telling that screen is not HD but guys don't believe to them but it is decent enough.but only one defect is that music. Guys music is d only option which is disappointed me bcz its not that much of clarity. Rest all d features r decent enough.
Very bad phone. SD Card slot is not working. Camera does not work. Google Play is not working and crashes.
lava has some drawbacks in every mobile. iris x5-- signal problem, problem for selecting preffered memory location. lava fuel-- camera is not satisfactory, 8.0 MP is equal to 3.2 MP of sony ericson, problem for selecting preffered memory location. I cant recommend for purchasing it.
I have been using this phone for past 2 months. My experience can be said as "OK". The phone's capacity is fine, but it would be better if you add a memory card to it (or all your favourite movies wont fit in) The battery life is not as much as I expected, but good enough ( it remains for around 22 hrs with music playing through headphone most of the time, data always on and occasional gaming ). The camera quality is pretty decent. Sounds good too, but its hard to reduce the sound ( the minimum sound through headphones is not really that minimum,I constantly worry about my ear drums while listening to music through headphones.) The charger tends to heat up during full charging. Phones starts to heat up during continuous gaming usage ( I didn't find it heating up while watching movies MUCH) Around a month after buying the phone. my dialer app suddenly stopped and that irritated me a bit. I had to reset the phone to fix it (eeeee, all my apps are gone, it took some of my time to fix all of it).
This phone frustrated me hanging problem just in a month
WOW PRODUCT....... I'M USING THIS LAVA IRIS FUEL 50 FORM LAST 15 DAYS AND I'M SHOCKD.... HOW CAN ANY COMPANY GIVING SUCH GOOD MATERIAL PRODUCT IN LOW COST ? I'M AMEZED .... THIS HANDSET HAVE ONLY PROS. COZ OF the COST @ 7500 /- ONLY 1) 3000 Mah, BATTERY BACK UP @ 2 DAYS , ON 3G ALMOST CONTINUES ON { WHTSAPP, FB. HIKE , SURFFING , DOWNLOADING } 2) DRAGON TRAIL GLASS.. STRONGER THAN GORILL GALSS 3, 3) 5'' IPS DISPLAY WITH SCRATCH RESISTANCE SCREEN, 4) CALL VOLUME LOUD N CLEAR ( SAME FOR IN CALL SPEAKERS} 5) 8MP CAMERA DONE GOOD JOB.... WITH BSI 2 SENSORES 6) 2 SCREEN GUARD + HQ FLIP COVER LIKE MATT FINISHED 7) 3G, BLUETOOTH V.4.0, WIFI WORKS PERFECT 8)slim & not much heavey (160g like mmx colors 2 a120 ) must buy product, dnt confiused........ just bye this one
Happy to buy this mobile bcoz in this mobile no one drawback. Camera and battery life is food and also magic touch also here in this mobile.
3000 MAH battery seems to be draining fast as compared to my Xolo Q1010i with 2250 Mah. I kept the phone without any sim card on standby and within 6 hours the battery drained 10%. I imagine how much will it drain with 2 sim cards. Not expected this. Other than this the phone is average. Pic quality is Okay, touch response is also OK. The camera pic quality is acceptable. And the phone feels a bit heavy.
great phone idont even have to charge it for about one week,the freatures are great great camera
I like this phone, at this price they provide very good technical specification, its awesome
I gifted this to my father.. He likes it.. Has higher battery life, camera, functions, etc.
At this price, the features and functioning of Iris fuel 50 are amazing. Pros- 1. Battery of 3000 mah is enough for two days running of average use 2. 8 MP back camera is good, pictures are clear and focus is fast.2 MP front camera is average. 3. 8 GB internal storage means you don't need to keep deleting apps frequently. 4. Touch is smooth and highly responsive and average videos/games play easily. sound is loud enough. Display is bright. Did not get opportunity to check the Scratch Resistant Asahi Dragon-Tail glass as I put on the provided scratchguard on opening. 5. Reasonably slim profile. High quality finish and looks. Original Flap cover provided is also good. 6. Gesture and Air-Shuffle gimmicks work fine for those who want to show-off! 7. Android Kitkat OS with Free Over The Air (FOTA) updates means you are not to look further. OTG works well. Cons-1. Display resolution, though good enough for this price, could have been higher, considering that many lower priced phones are having qHD resolution. Overall I think this is the best phone at this price! GO FOR IT!!!
wat abt battery get heating? wat abt touch keys have light sensor? is mobile hav led indicator at the top? wat abt the sound? 24hr net using wat abt the battery backup?
Nice but front camara no flash light and battery one day life but net is fast
just ok....camera quality not bad...then playing game means heat problem
Satisfied user. But, charged battery life not as expected.
Quite gud one BT nw again d prises have cum down
Best in this range.. Worth buying...
Super mobile. Long battery backup
Good phone. Value for money
Very nice & smooth mobile
Nice phone. As expected.
Awesome battery backup
very good product
Superb phone.....
Guys please comment after using the mobile. Only 1 thing battery just ok not great.
very good mob
Good product
I didn't like it. It was not a good phone to buy.
Good phone
m using it for last 1 month. best for the price category. Downloaded lots of apps, no issues. very good battery backup, clear sound quality. yes, touchscreen is not as good as my iPhone 5S, recognisable difference in picture quality, but can get 4 fuel 50 at teh cost of iPhone.
Excellent
GOOD PRODUCT. BUT NO FREEBIES FROM AMAZON
Good phone in all terms and conditions ,
Nice mobile battery back up is best
Nice n budget phone .
Cam quality not good
Very good mobile phon .you take this mobile better is very good
VERY VERY GOOD .
