B00PY0QP3W
I bought this phone a month ago from Amazon. Firstly kudos to Amazon for delivering on time Coming to the phone- its excellent. The battery on the 638 lasts almost as long as my old Lenovo P770 which came with a mammoth 3500 Mah battery. The voice quality is the best I have ever seen. Crystal clear. The touch is responsive although I wish there was a setting like on MS windows Mouse Controls which would make the scrolling become more faster. The 1 GB Ram ensures that the phone works flawlessly even when multitasking. It doesn't hang (hardly once and that was just the Gmail app), the rest of the phone was responding. I have already dropped the phone 3-4 times and the screen looks like it can take a lot more abuse. For 7,000 bucks I think this is the best phone out there if you don't want a zillion apps on your phone. Even in my android, I just had a few apps- gmail, facebook, whatsapp, naukri.com and a few others- all of which are available on Windows. The best thing I like is I don't have to download any apps to clear RAM, boost memory, boost speed, clear up cache and God knows what else. The phone does all that. Reminds me of my good old Symbian Nokia E5. Not having flash is a little bit of an issue; I use it to go to the washroom at night or in a movie hall to walk down the stairs- but apart from that one aspect- I did not find it lacking for anything. Excellent Phone!!! An absolutely pleasure to use!!!
The last warrior from Nokia Brand Lumia 638 does everything you expect from a Nokia device. Pros: 1.With that 1gb ram its just not a smooth device but also makes sure it will be updates to windows10. The Lumia730 and Lumia830 also have same Ram and same Snapdragon400 chipset. 2. It is very lite on hand and easy to use with single hands. 3. 5mp camera comes with manual controls on ISO, Focus, Appeture value and Exposure value. 4. Battery life: Moderate usage ensure more then 1 and a half day of usage. 5. Comes in with gorilla glass3 and back panel is like a back cover to the phone. 6. I got it for 4799 under whatte deal offer but even for its current price of 6799 its an awesome device. 7. All android apps that run smooth on android devices of similar specs are available for this device as well. 8. All apps movable to mmc. Cons: 1. No flash light. 2. No snapchat app. 3. Brightness has to be adjusted manually. 4. Atleast VGA front camera should have been provided having said that given the small and easy to handle size of device u can still click selfie by using back camera.
the fone is just as expected! the tried n tested nokia quality (the sole reason I bought it). the fone is fast yes it sure is!! when u are tired of ur every day android windows is a goooood alternative! the camera nad its related camera apps are osm but the only thing missing is a flash! -_- common guys in an 8k fone u can add A flash cant you!
It is an Awesome device for those who are network buffs and those like me who gives preference to Network and speed rather than anything else.Its voice quality is very good, call handling is excellent,camera is very very impressive even without a flash(Those of you who needs a camera may go for Lumia 535, This model Lumia 638 is a single sim mobile, which is good for 4G network, and it has 1GB of RAM to cater to the needs of gamers and application users, which is more than required for the intended purpose. Screen is awesome too, video handling is also fine can play 720p videos easily.Screen resolution is also fine and have deep color depths with black screen.Battery lasts for a full day in office use with normal calls and internet usage.Speaker is loud enough, but one difference i noted, i would like to share with you readers. I have upgraded Lumia 630 Dual SIM to Lumia 638, the Sound quality of Lumia 630 was way better in terms of quality, it had deep notes and beautifully handles low notes very well.Although both the mobiles are identical, but 630 was made in Vieatnam, and was of superior quality than 638, which is made in china. The difference is obvious in call quality as well.Overall the quality of Hardware used by Lumia is very good quality compared to its competitors. I would recommend this to those who have zest for internet speed and can do without a flash camera, without a front facing camera of course.Skypee calls are however good but one has to twist it backwards.Applications are managed very good however not as ripe as android but it still in improvement and frequently updated. Overall a good move by Nokia/Microsoft.
Its a really nice phone that will just take you on a smooth trip to the mobile world. 1GB RAM is more than enough for windows phone, a quad core processor, awsum clear black display and excellent in its performance. Of course it doesn't have a front cam and flash. But that is totally upto your usage, as you will be buying this phone by keeping this thing in mind. A 4G phone, that's ready to take up with the future challenges. But the biggest disadvantage is, it has not received a DENIM update yet in India. Seems NOKIA (Microsoft) people are sleeping and are just selling this phone just for the sake of selling and not taking responsibility of this handset in India and that disappoints me.
One of the best phones from Nokia good for gaming and surfing...lacks front camera(how many of us chat using front camera , I think rarely,n u have the option to use back cam always).lumia n Microsoft apps are awesome.windows phones are virus protected,no need to use any antivirus...download Nokia maps and use GPS without internet!!! I recommend to use Lumia...believe me internet on vodaphone 3g is lighting fast...good job Lumia and Microsoft...
The Nokia Lumia 638 mid-range smartphone that was launched in China.Notably, this smartphone is the first one to support 4G LTE in the Lumia lineup launched in India and it will be available exclusively via Amazon and Microsoft Brand Store. Those interested in this smarphone can check out the quick review of it based on its hardware aspects. Camera and Internal Storage: Nokia is offering a 5 MP auto focus rear shooter with support for panorama shooting mode. Notably, when the entry level and mid-range market is obsessed with selfie focused smartphones, this one lacks a front facer that is a major downside. Also, the rear snapper is not backed by support for LED flash for better low light performance. Imaging wise, the handset way too dated for its pricing and cannot be comparable to its rivals in this segment. Internal storage is standard at 8 GB and there is support for expandable storage space up to 128 GB using a micro SD card slot onboard. Also, as the device runs on Windows Phone 8.1, it gets free 15 GB of OneDrive cloud storage support. Processor and Battery: Lumia 638 employs a 1.2 GHz quad core Qualcomm Snapdragon 400 processor aided by 1 GB RAM. We have seen this hardware combination in many other smartphones in the mid-range segment and it is known for its performance that will cater to the moderate users without any clutter or lag. Battery capacity is 1,830 mAh and though the exact backup rendered by this unit is not disclosed, we believe that it should let the phone last for decent hours under moderate usage. Display and Features: Lumia 638 makes use of a ClearBlack LCD display measuring 4.5 inches that will eliminate reflections as it employs a sequence of polarizing layers. This display carries a FWVGA screen resolution of 854×480 pixels that translates to a pixel density of 221 pixels per inch. With an average pixel count, this screen should be capable of handling the basic tasks that are expected from a smartphone of its pricing at ease. Software running on the Nokia offering is latest Windows Phone 8.1 OS with Lumia Denim update. Also, the smartphone arrives preloaded with Microsoft Enterprise feature pack, Microsoft Office, OneDrive, HERE Maps and Drive+. Connectivity aspects of the Lumia 638 include 4G LTE, 3G, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth, GPS and dual SIM functionality. Furthermore, Airtel is providing free 5 GB of 4G data for 2 months for postpaid subscribers in Bengaluru till March 31, 2015. What we Like? -Support for 4G LTE connectivity -Competitive pricing What we Dislike? -No rear flash and lack of front facing camera Price and Conclusion: The Nokia Lumia 638 priced at Rs 8,299 is definitely a pocket friendly phone with a reasonable pricing. The device takes advantage of 4G LTE connectivity that is hardly a part of the entry level and mid range offerings. However, while the Indian and Chinese brands have dominated the market with their solid devices, the Lumia 638 comes with pretty average specifications and lags behind its challengers in terms of photography. If the imaging department is definitely not your first preference, you can opt for the Nokia smartphone for its super fast connectivity support.
This is the cheapest 4G mobile in India even before the technology implemented through the country. Looks and features are similar to Lumia 630. Added feature is 1Gb Ram with clock speed of 1.2ghz quad core. It is definitely buttery smooth performance guaranteed. Few things need to be considered before buying, ie) no flash, no front camera for video call or selfie, no corning gorilla glass. These are done for cost cutting, if these are featured in this. Definitely this is gonna be a best buy and it will last long with the user till 4g becomes popular in India.
First off, let me congratulate amazon for delivering on time. Now, a bit about myself. I'm used to android devices for the past five years, and this was but an experiment of this windows ecosystem. About the device, I loved the build quality, the screen and the smoothness of the operating system. It can handle most of the high end games without ANY lag, except the only Dungeon Hunter 5, which lagged sometimes. The Cortana isnt turned on if you dont set the speech, language and region to the united states, and its pretty good, though not as handy as google now. The camera is definitely very good for this price range, which has manual focus, iso, shutter speed and a gallore of options for a photographer to tinker with. Now what I dislike about the phone, a few common apps like facebook, isn't official for the Windows system. Microsoft developed the facebook app, which resulted in a different, and personally worse experience for me, than when I used it on android. You can't change profile pictures, just as easily you can in an android device. Instead, you have to upload a photo, open it, then make it dp from the options, still trying to figure out how to change the cover photo. One more thing worth considering is that it doesnt come with an inbuilt flash or a front camera, but it does perform somewhat satisfactorily in low light, with a final moment illumination that it does. I dont like the fact, also, that many free android apps are paid in windows. Most of the games and apps that are perfect for touchscreen gameplay are paid here, though you can play the trial versions for free, which often lacks many of the advanced features. Overall, a good buy, and I dont regret it.
Good phone....but who are using anroid if they r going to migrate this bit difficult to understand this features...
The first thing is this is a 4.3 inch phone not a 4.5 inch one as the capacitive buttons are always outside of screen area in all other phones. So we can say microsoft in a way is wrong in advertising this as 4.5 inch. If you see all other phones what i said is true. I have asked them for denim update , and there is no response at all from them , indicates that microsoft india is not bothered about this phone. The warranty also on microsoft website though asks you for IMEI number doesnot give clearly the warranty end date of a articular IMEI number. ALl other phones in lumia range have already got denim update. Otherwise this is a smooth phone, battery performance is good, GPS is fantastic even inside house, this doesnot have wifi hotspot of andriod capability nature, , OTG support is missing for a 4G phone which is odd, which should have been there by default.
Bought this on sale at 6k as secondary phone. Heard it went for lower during independence day sale. Good solid build. Attractive even. And for the price fantastic. Works with minimal lag. As far as I have seen, Windows phone takes slightly longer for apps to open but then run without any problems.. Camera is decent for the price.. Just about.. The 1gb of RAM does make a big difference vs earlier lumia phones which used to hang during heavy games. The processor and ram on this are sufficient for daily use and most games. Even though screen resolution is not high, screen looks much better than a 530 with same ppi. Basically, a great with 4g capability with os customized to run lag free with its processor and 1gb ram. Great budget phone if u get it within 6-6.5k I guess..
nice product with nice features and for such a low price i bought the product for 4999 rs in a lighting deal offer and the phone is worth it and the only problem is about it is cons 1 no flash 2 no front cam 2 it has only 4.5 inch screen
Got this phone at 4999 bucks on 23rd Jan Sale. Its a nice phone around 5000-6000 range. It has lightning fast 4g connectivity. I used it only in 3g and got avg 1.5 MBPS download speed. 5mp primary camera w/o flash but pic quality the above par for an 5mp camera. No Secondary camera is a downside but looking a phone with 4g connectivity at this price is justified the lack of secondary camera. Sound Quality is good but bundled earphones is worst. Battery (1830 mAH) gives average of 1 to 1 1/2 days power backup in normal usage. At last windows store has decent amount of apps which covers the requirement of every user . With Qualcomm Snapdragon 400 processor bundled with 1GB RAM guarantees smooth functionality on phone. Overall a decent phone with high end spec from Nokia or say Microsoft.
Lumia 638 is simply superb. UI simply awesome,for heavy usage battery comes one day.
Don't get fool buy some so called honest review, who don't know how to use smartphone. 1. I am using thus phone with Sony headphone, its awesome. If you use cheap quality headset, you will get average sound. So don't blame mobile company. 2. Windows has much better apps in store, all apps get update frequently. Windows default video player can play many types of videos which android default player cant. WP store has many good quality third party video player apps. 3. Before buying this phone you should know, it don't have front cam and flash. So, its not a con of the phone. If you want front cam, then you should go for Lumia 532. 532 is available @lower price thn 638. 638 is for gamer and 4g
IT WILL SOUND BIT AMAZING -FIRST I REQUESTED ON FACEBOOK FOR MINIMIZING THE COST AND NEXT DAY AMAZED- JUST IN 5999 RUPEES SO A EXCELLENT RESPONSE FROM AMAZON NOW DEVICE- 1.4G AS THE TAG ON IT HIGHLIGHTING IT MUCH STANDS WITH THE ABBREVIATION -4 GEEKS,4 GAMING WHAT YOU NEED TO KNOW IS THAT GOING BASIC CONFIGURATIONS WISE THAT IS RAM AND SOC IT IS SIMILAR TO LUMIA 830 A 25K ROUND DEVICE AS SMOOTH AS THE VOICE OF LENKA NO DOUBT 2.5MP CAMERA ENOUGH AND SUPERB 3.NETWORK,INTERNET USING WILL NOT DISAPPOINT YOU. 4.THINGS ARE RAPIDLY GROWING IN WINDOWS MARKET. 5.COMPATIBLE PERSONAL HAND PHONE.
Truly impressed by the device! It's extremely fluid and smooth, surprising for a phone in this price bracket. The camera performance is average, but daylight shots are somewhat better (anyways, a person with a budget under 7k would hardly be concerned about a good camera). The screen quality is pretty good too. Moreover, you can change the screen mode to suit your eye, and you can change the color saturation as well. A real plus. The device plays Full HD videos with ease! HERE+ maps app is amazing too. To sum it all, I would say this is a brilliant device at such a cheap price. Go for it!
never expected I m loving so much..all appas are meaning ful & useful...for this rate no other best options from branded mobile best clarity..faster..smoother..navigation...design...great at this price
Today i booked tatkal ticket, it shows how the mobile is fast... Hats off nokia... A very fanrastic mobile for network n connnectivity lover
Cheapest 4G Mobile as of now.. it has 1GB RAM compared to 630 means we can all the games Screen is amazing ,Clear Black polarization makes difference compared to 535 SD 400 SOC unlike 200 in 535
Everything is good in this phone having 4G network but front camera should be there so that one can do video calling having 4G network.Dual sim would be there otherwise phone is good in this price
Pros Smooth Fluid Brand Value Compact Cost Memory & Storage Cons Quality seems little doubtful Screen Resolution Flash
Best mobile in this range,windows os working smooth,faster delivery by Amazon..Overall satisfied by the product.. Looking forward for more shopping on Amazon.in...
Amazing phone..good camera(without flash still very good) good design as well as display and obviously power of windows..what you need else in a smart phone..
The touchscreen in very sensitive which is good. Being a microsoft product, you need to create a microsoft account first using microsoft website and login to the mobile using the same credentials to activate several important features just one time. The cloud app smilar to google drive will auto backup your pics, vids, contact details in its cloud drive. Battery life is good. Tt takes about 3.87 GB of updates + user data usage per month against its apps which came preinstalled, don't be shocked,even android phones does too. I was able to calculate because I had set it to conect to the internet when my home router is at range. It would be good to set up your home router, just be very sure to use the right model in the right budget range with all the necessary features required to set up a home network. Its, wifi sense feature is amazing. The availability of micrososft office full version is really helpfull. Initially, it may be difficult to navigate or understand the features and the logic but they have been wonderfully thought of, belive me. You just have to get used to all the features and where is it available to enjoy the device better. My favourite app is possible the Mixradio which streams high quality music from all around the globe or even regionals free of cost but for that you need good internet speed and understnading of how each feature/app works. I am alsovery pleased with the ap store, as all the apps released in the app store is verified by microsoft unlike google.
Good product. 1 GB RAM on Windows is equal to 2 GB on Android. Good speed and response.
Bang for the buck ordered day before yesterday first of thank you amazon for delivering to the area where FLIPKART does not The phone is simply amazing connects well Screen quality superior considering price CAMERA quality again good Loud speaker is LOUD :) Talking about cons no flash no front facing cam STEREO HEADPHONES COMES WITHIN BOX :) Inshort phone is a decent in its segment can beat most droids if we do not consider apps :p
This is an excellent product considering that I purchased this for Rs.4700 during the Amazon sale. I gave this to my Dad, who does not require front facing camera or Flash. I find Windows OS quite intuitive after iOS. Android has a lot of bugs and keeps freezing when working with certain applications, and with Windows this is considerably less than any of the current Android OS. It's been a week since I have got this phone and this works like a charm, its fast, and value for money!
All Lumia models have got Denim update except this one. I would suggest you to go for Lumia 630 than this box for which any update is not certain
this phone is awesome and the touch is sensitive. it is suitable for playing games. it comes with preloaded microsoft office. it has a 5mp camera but the clarity equals to iphone. it doesnt has front camera but we can take selfie but lumia selfie by just turning the phone so it just automatically takes ur photo. it is very easy to access and very good. i suggest everyone to buy this phone instead for going to high standard expensive phones.
Hey I've been using the 638 for a day now. Everything about the phone seems really fast and easy. I was an Android user, thought I'd try windows for a change and I'm not at all disappointed. - The touch is very responsive and nice - Battery life is decent. Not bad Overall a really beautiful phone at the price. I'm happy with my purchase. Got it for 6k which makes it all the more better
Touch is good/camera is good/heavy game are butter smooth/battery last long for one day overall its good for gamers and multitasking
I purchased this phone after reading its reviews and it seems lot of people are happy with this phone. However, it didn't go well with me, may be I am not lucky enough as other customers are. When I tried to ON this phone, it always keeps displaying a windows icon and it never went ahead, there was always a windows icon on the screen. It was frustrating to get a such ridiculous product from Nokia & Microsoft brands and Amazon seller. I never expected this from these 3 big names. I would suggest Nokia and Microsoft to test you products before handing it over to customer, and it gets more difficult when someone buy a product online. I tried to talk to customer service but there is no positive response. Now I can understand why Nokia is going down day by day.
it is affordable 4g phone in windows configuration nice but front camera and flash is not there battery back up is very good
Delivery is good provided by Amazon.. Nice mobile with that price.. It would have better if front camera is provided..
it is a very good phone in 4g category considering its price.however only draback is that it does not have a front camera
Big screen, Quad core. Fast. Touch screen is a tad laggy, but Microsoft will fix it in the upcoming Denim update.
I asked my friend who was very excited to buy this phone as soon as it was launched on Amazon. I asked, "what are you so excited about it's just a phone that too if you buy it, will be yours 5th". He replied by saying," though it'll be my 5th phone, but my first lumia and 4G ready too at such a low price". I explained him that it doesn't have a front camera, it's pretty thick at 9.2mm, has low PPI at 218 and at last it doesn't even has a flash. He said that, "he specifically needed a 4G phone for faster web surfing and it didn't matter if it didn't have all the other features as it has enough processing power to function smoothly without making his basic day to day usage frustrating as it has Qualcomm Snapdragon 400 processor clocked at 1.2 gHz with sufficient 1 gb of RAM". Conclusion- My friend bought this phone and is quiet happy with it. He doesn't need to make any video calls as he has no girlfriend (lolzz..). Should you buy it- Yes. But please note that it is basically a budget phone. We can definitely not expect flagship features in it.
The product specifications and usage is exactly same as Lumia 630 (used for nearly 7 months). After using Lumia 630 (single sim), I wished for a product with same touch sensitivity and here I get the answer from Microsoft Lumia 638, which is loaded with 1 GB RAM and 4G LTE enablement. Perfect for Windows 10 upgrade.. Now waiting for Windows 10 upgrade.
It is working beyond expectation. Except the email+accounts settings have a smal bug for that one star less.
Ultimate touch Nvr hang Amazing look Fast internet speed Satisfactory battery back up Sound z ultimate Easily attend voice calls at noisy places 1 gb ram All required apps are available in store Take less time for charging I dnt need front cam nd flash so it is best for me
Nokia Lumia will not have Denim Update in India. If it doesn't have denim update, then it will not support next version i.e. 10. Amazon know this and kept quiet to make profit. refer below twitter comment from microsoft https://twitter.com/MicrosoftIndia/status/588227992456953858.
Amazing lumia phone, for 6.5k you get a windows phone which never hangs, never crashes, you got A- gps and GLONASS naviigation. its just brilliant. well still I'm facing few problems like, I didn't get my 15GB one drive storage, I cant download music from Mix radio. but all and all its a nice phone.
'Microsoft" the name says it, it had ruled the world with windows in the 2000's and it'll do it again by giving a tough competition to "iOS" & "Mac". Superb build quality. Front-camera would be an icing on the cake but it's literally worth every penny. More than satisfied!!
Excellent service... If you wanna purchase windows then go for it.. Touch is superb..Best in Lumia series..even better than Microsoft Lumia 535 also..Battery back up meets my expectation..only prob is no led & front cam.but its not a huge problem..so buy and enjoy this phone.itz awsome
Very Good Phone AS rs 5,999 Same specification you will not find at this price and Build Quality of this phone is superb. snapdragon quad-core is very fast on this phone and this phone never lag very smooth performance and plus it has 4G best phone Under 10000.
I feel very lucky for this phone on republic day deal @rs4999 only for my elder son . what a product this is ! Nice , Awesome phone from Nokia. This is a 4G phone and with all specifications what u want . And what to tell about Amazon u guys always passed with distinction marks.
THIS IS THE BESTS 4G PHONE. UNBELIEVABLE SPEED OF THE PHONE MAKES YOU CRAZY PLAYING HIGH ENDS GAMES AND SURFING FASTER WITH LOADED 1GB RAM. CAN PLAY HD VIDEOS, PHONE DOESNT LAGS AT ALL AND WOULD RECKON ONE FOR THOSE WHO WANTS TO EXPLORE WINDOWS AMAZINGLY.
this is a very good budget smartphone but the main point i want to mention here is that it lacks a front facing camera which is mandatory i think in now a days smartphones any company who make smartphones but it has 4G network facility and also note that unlike android smartphones windows phone have the feature of moving all the apps and apps data to SD card apart from pre installed apps so people who dont need video call feature can go for it but there's lots of other options too in market but windows phone has its advantages too
No dought it is best 4g mobile at minimum price. Practically everything is best like apps open fast, size, thickness, display, touch, data speed etc. LUMIA CAMERA is wonderful as like professional camera with great new effects.
This is my first purchase from Amazon. and i should say that am impressed. Got my Lumia on 2 days before than the exact date. and in a regular interval received call, message and mail from the Amazon Team.....Really Appreciative......So impressed.. about Phone...nothing, its really awesome and worthy... After 5 days of usage.... Pros... -- 5 MP Camera gave me more than my expectation. Better than my 8MP Xperia -- Smooth Functioning... -- No lag n hang probs. -- Plain black Gorilla glass giving a rich look and pleasing others attention.. -- 1.5 Days battery back up (Normal Usage) -- About Window App Store, just one dialogue is enough.. Quality is better than Quantity..(Most of the apps are useful, unlike Android)... Cons... -- No flash and no front camera. If you don't care about Flash and Front camera without thinking you can go with this product. 6,000 Un imaginable prize.....
Best 4g Phone at this price. Always been a Nokia and Microsoft Fan. The looks of the phone are quite similar to an IPhone. Light to carry, great phone connectivity, super sensitive touch, brilliant specification for its cost.
Nokia Lumia 638 with 4g comes at a great price INR 8229. I added a 16GM Memory and am using my 3500 odd contacts. I transferred from NokiaE90 without much problems. The camera and pictures are sharp and clear. The phone is an grossly under- written masterpiece. Some reviews said it did not have FM Radio and they are all wrong though I do not require it. I am easily able to plug into my Honda Brio for music. Mail is quick and very convenient. Same for browsing. In Chennai Airtel has not yet started offering 4g and that is a mild disappointment. The one bad thing about this phone is the manual (paper format, it has it on the phone) which does not catalog the features of this great little machine. The office and Microsoft features on the phone are very useful. The gadget was released on Dec 18 and I ordered on Dec 20 and got it from Amazon in 1 day and they are as quick as ever. Had it delivered on a Sunday 21 Dec.
Value for money. Good build quality. Nice voice quality. Nokia maps. Some amazing no nonsense Nokia apps. Only thing missing in this phone is flash and front cam. If you are not a selfie obsessed person then go for it.
Gud 4G phone at this price.... Camera quality is not so good... No front Camera No LED flash But still... A very gud windows phone.... Its performance is AWESOME....
I don't like because 1) Heating up while speaking on phone and connected to internet 2) Minimum call volume is more so, it's affecting my ear . Due to this 90% calls I'm attending on speaker phone 3) Phone unlocking by only numbers 4) No direct mobile data connection icon in the notification bar 5) No front camera 6) No mirroring via Wifi network(suppors via cable only) I like because, 1) Smart look with good battery life 2) IRCTC app 3) Good navigation speed 4) One Note( with quick synchronization to the web) and One Drive cloud space(15GB) 5) Lumia Camera - even working fantastic without flash 6) Lumia Help- Quick solutions for doubts on my phone
Pros +No lags +Nice Camera +Smooth Interferrance +All daily uses apps available +Nokia Branded :P Cons -No proximity Sensor -No snooze in alarm
A Value For Money product. Better than some cheap android phones. Fast operation and good battery backup. Last almost a complete full day with a single charge. Overall a good product.
its excellant and wonderful thing atom to use.its feature is good,camera quality is very sharp n clear.only one draw back is in people rearly know about windows 8,1 system.
Go for it . It has good build quality I downloaded many games like asphalt 8 ,over kill 3 and many other games above 500 mb . There is no lag . I recommend this phone 
Speed processing..... Speed touch sensitivity..... &low cost 4g mobile in India... High speed net process... Compare to android mobile... Its very better to purchase...
Decent phone with nice specs for the price.
Good 4G phone for at good pricing. Better build quality, Gorilla glass and a larger battery would with may be a slight increase in price would make this a great phone.
Product is good.problem is about windows denim update.no update yet.feeling very bad.all other lumia phones got update.no reply from microsoft...what to do??
Awesome phone at the price. quad core, 1 gig of RAM, runs butter smooth. Wish the ppi was a bit higher, but nevertheless excellent value.
Awesome...camera and touchscreen...
Good mobile, mobile touch screen resposive time very good, mobile working very fast, camera enough type, only 5 mp, I expect screen protector but nothing inside the package, need to buy outside. Windows 8.1 and Hindi language there, Budget smart phone.bought at Rs. 5999/- missed republic day sale@ Rs.4999/-. If amazon announce one more time that same offer i will surely buy another mobile. good one.
Great phone never hang Internet speed is very good Display and touch screen is also good I am satisfied with this phone
5k is worth because of low markets of Nokia and since no front camera makes it less market for this product. 4G is just a attraction
Nokia Lumia 638 is a good entry level smart-phone with all features & functionality with Windows OS at competitive price.
Feedup wid android thn opt dis... Speeddd internet no lags and hangs. Good glass' even 5mp is enough for me...
Lumia 638 @price 4800 is great deal with Amazon. About the phone is really good . Camera and features are compatible.
Best 4G phone to taste windows platform if you can sacrifice front cam and Flash. Big sound. Great camera functions.
Nokia should not have to sell phones, Nothing is smart in this smart phone. I want to give 1 rating out of 5.
Full stars for the phone, only minus is the lack of a front camera. Much better than similarly priced crapdroids.
It is good budget phone, no issue but Microsoft should add the secondary camera and flash.1 FB RAM is good deal.
i got it at 4799 ....steal
denim update not available
Very Nice phone and it has fulfilled my requirement. Windows 8.1 is great and the phone performance is good.
i bought this phone on 8.5.14.the built quality,display,browsing and battery back up is good and worth buy.
nice phone at cheap price
owsm phn ..... delivered 1 day late as eastimated date but its gr8 for gamer and single hand phone user .
Most affordable price, awesome graphic colours, and especially internet pretty work, thanks to amazon
Ok but compared to Android not good wp not successfull online videos can't playback not supported
Well specced and highly affordable phone with 4G built in. Good build quality and clear speakers.
The mobile is very much handy and good value for money.The only drawback is the battery backup.
Since everyone has already written about the features and specifications, I'll keep it short. # If you go to any Nokia outlet they will tell you that this phone Lumia 638 was not launched in India and that Amazon has imported this from abroad and hence it wont be covered under Nokia India Warranty. Please slap the person who tells you this! This phone is manufactured at Nokia Beijing but has been imported by Nokia India just like many other phones and has a price tag of 9499/-. For a 5-6k phone, it has very decent features. The build quality is really good. Things I liked: the clarity of calls is superb and the keypad is amazing. Very easy to type fast and really accurate. Things I did not like: The music output with the stock headset is terrible. You can literally hear no bass or treble but the vocals come out really smooth and clear. Camera is just ok. The same type of quality as seen in 520, 525, 630 etc. The screen and the UI both are highly responsive and typing is fun as I stated earlier.
First of all I am looking for the following things mainly .Display .Connectivity .Quality .Performance And I found lumia 638 is exactly what I need. For the same price, I can get a lumia 535 which has dual sim, great front camera, 5" display. Still I'd say 638 is the best. Display: Clearblack and true colour. I am a photography enthusiast and I need my images look exactly how they are. In this case, samsung is just a toy with dynamic highly saturated greenish display. Lumia 535 also has a pale display. Performance, Snapdragon 400. I never thought of this kind of speed and reliability on a 6k phone. Videos play perfect, no transition lag at all,browsing was never this interesting before. Quality: This is the next imp thing to me, I need my phone to stay with me forever. I will make sure that buying next phone isnt because the old one got damaged. I have my 6year used Nokia E63, 8years used N70, 10 years used 1100 without any complaint. Yes, see where this come from. Its Nokia. Yeah I have a samsung galaxy ace with its body being discoloured which is 2 years used. Connectivity: 4g doesn't make sense as I live in Kerala. But believe me, 3g is more faster on 638 than Sony xperia Z. The phone I received came with a squeezed package and I requested refund and bought 638 again. Amazon has the best service, way of dealing and customer support. Thank you Amazon. If you are looking for a fancy phone, go with Samsung,Karbonn,Xiomi, and so on. If you aren't looking for a toy, and prefer class and ease over specs and price, get this. You wont regret.
After one weeks of usage..Thanks to amazon and seller for speedy delivery...Till now no conss.... Front Cam and Flash no need for me...so no problem... Display: Stunning....Smooth Touch...Surprised by its clarity with medium pixel density..Thanks to nokia for clear black display.... Os: Loaded with windows 8.1...But i updated With Windows 8.1 update 1 using preview for developers application.. And installed windows insider app waiting for windows phone 10..Thanks to microsoft for continuous support... Camera: i dont believe its a 5 megapixel..I am not a photo capture personal..Camera is good . loaded with smart lenses,editing apps.. Lumia Camera , Lumia cinematography etc... Performance: 1GB RAM with Snapdragon Processor 400.. NO lags ,NO hangs....playing hd games without any lags..Response is also very good.. Battery: Not like android,comes with a loaded microsoft battery saver..I note that there is no background running apps. only system apps. Charged on 06-02-2015..today 08-02-2015 8:00 pm with 25% battery left till now..Battery fantastic..1830mah is largely enough for windows phone..
Phone is good working. But very typical to use compare with Andriod. Finally product is Cool.
nice slim phone no lags worth the money it has a proximity sensor, works well
If anyone wants to buy, contact me on 8054985736 brand new Lumia 638 4g awesome phone.......
very satisfied. very good deal. very quick. was able to transfer my contacts from my previous mobile myself, using the data transfer and blue tooth. speakers are very clear. awaiting the upgrade to Windows 10
Best smartphone at unbelievable price. Features are good except there is no front camera.
product is good but it didnt meet my expectation.. I felt Lumia 520 is better than this.
Gud phone but only one problem no front camera and no flashlight.otherwise HD screen.
very good phone to buy if you dont need camera.......no lags it runs very smoothly..
PEOPLE WHO WANT TO OWN A SIMPLE WINDOWS DEVICE, A VERY GOOD OPTION FOR THOSE PERSONS
it is the best phone with the 8000 RS budget.The Windows OS lot better then Andriod
Purchased for mom.. She has liked it a lot.. Jus 1 problem.phone mic not that grt.
Very nice product.
Before buying Lumia 638 I had owned Lumia 520,625, and 1320, I bought this phone because of similar tech spec of Lumia 730 with single sim. But this is highly disappointing many features are missing even when you compare with Lumia 520. Touch to wake function is not available. The key bar is not not disappearing during use which is avail in 730. NFC is not available. Gestures a unique app which makes a complete smartphone. For lumia series.What I like more is good speed on browser. Apps. I bought this on Amazon lightning deals fir 5999/-. So its worth. Better go with Android phones......this comment is only because windows take long time to rectify apps issues. Software is much better than Android....but if you want to uses smartphone android or ios is beter.
mobile very fine but battery no back up at just 5h onely I parcesset 13th April
Really an awesome phone. Very happy that amazon put it up for such a low price.
WONDERFUL PHONE..!! AMAZING VOICE CLARITY ..!! 4G PHONE FOR THIS LOW PRICE..!!
Better Than Moto E, Android One. Go for it. Pros) 1) It has Snapdragon 400 Quad Core Processor & 1 GB Ram. SAME AS LUMIA 730, LUMIA 830, REDMI 1S ,MOTO G 2ND GEN. So performance is really good and lag free. 2) Clear Black display. Display is better than Android one and Moto e. Awesome Touch quality and Sunlight Readability. 3) Camera is ok. Better than Micromax's 8MP Camera. 4) Windows 10 ready. 5) Good battery backup. Almost 1 day . 6) Sensor Core. 7) Good Gaming Performance. 8) 4G Cons) 1) No Flash And Front Cam. 2) Light and proximity sensor are missing. Best phone in this price range. Go for it . Better than mote e and android one. If you want good camera then go for Lumia 730. Really this phone is superfast. Value for money.
Awesome phone. thank u amazon for heavy discount on it and fir fast delivery.
Awsum phone..... These two words are enough for this phone......
I have started using this phone and let you know if I find any problem.
Awesome budget phne,the only thing it lack is front camera and flash.
Got this at a good price..Bought for gifting...Superfast delivery..
Nice amazing phone awesome speed like a cheetah run with Airtel 4G
soo gd qualty
But for a front camera, it is the best phone at this price.
Yes Ofcourse
Superb phone and thnx to amazon for superbbb price ...
this mobile is geting too much heat while speaking ...charge was not sufficient for one day ,very bad....waste of my money..
It is a very good mobile. No hang. Everything is fine.
Nokia brand is best.amazon delivery is also very well
Very good mobile Lumia 638 battery life is very good
user friendly, stunning display and fantastic phone
Best processor Never hang Average camera
Good Phone
meets all the requirements of smartphone in less.
While charging the mobile charger was heating,way
Very good phone . Just lacks front camera .
its an ok phone.. i bought it on flash sale...
Excellent
Loved the product. got it in #WhatTteyDeal ;)
I think its the first phone to have 4G capability. With all the windows features available nothing beats it. However enabling 4G drains the battery quickly but then it can be prevented by doing so only when needed. Also the network speed should be set to 2G/3G when 4G is not used. Other than this I am yet to find a fault in this phone.
It's. Nice phone its 4g purchase right now
No front camera no flash no dual sim overpriced Drop its price to 5k then i will buy its overprice same features are available in lumia 630 hvng dual sim too and its price is 4.5k for single sim on snapdeal. Same features r there in lumia 638 but price is around 7k what the hell y so much overpriced.
defective piece delivered. no sim working.
good product delivery by amazon is amazing
Tooo goood More then value for money
V good product by Nokia. It cook gadget
value for money product happy to use
super mobiel,but no front cam big-
Blue tooth quality need to improve
Yes it is a good phone. Thank you.
One of the best phone of nokia.
Hi guys this is the good phone
reliable , good looking phone.
Nice Mobile in window phone...
selfee problem other wise good
Only 2 days if use. Phone is good was delivered on time and in good physical condition but when I started the phone it kept getting stuck up at "windows logo". I thought batter was not charged so charged it for more than an hr and rebooted it multiple times. Was abt to return the phone but decided to check windows online support to reset the phone. Once I followed the instructions it started working. Few hrs after use the phone was heating up a lot so still had bad feeling abt the phone. Then I had GPS/maps not working issue. There was an option to leave a review for the maps service from the phone so gave very low rating. "Bing" search was not working although I was connected to internet. Google Search was working with no issue. After abt 1/2 day I thought maybe I have to have an account so created one. then all the services started working (not sure if creating the account fixed it or leaving it idle for some time fixed it). Now the phone is not heating up either. I don't know how that is related to the s/w but after a day all the issues I had on first day does not exist anymore. Phone is responsive, no lags, camera is decent but no flash, tested games and it works fine. for ~ Rs 5k this is a great phone (still getting used to the windows UI, mostly used android and ios before).
I'm a regular Android user. Wanted to switch over to windows to try some thing new. When this offer came on lightning deals, immediately pressed Buy Button. and guess what, i'm dissapointed with this phone. Pros: 1. Buttery smooth performance. 2. No lag. 3. No hanging issue. 4. 4G ( even though it is not launched at many place) 5. Sound quality is best. 6. Design is awesome. Cons: 1. If u put your mobile in pocket for longer time (say while travelling), while take that out your screen will be zoomed.I have experienced this same issue more than 10 times in past one month. 2. This phone heats insanely. (trust me, i thought windows phone will not heat up but this phone isn't) 3. Battery is poorest to its best!! Withstand maximum one day for a normal usage like 30 min phone call one hour 2g or 3g!! 4. Display quality is not that great. 5. No denim update for this phone. 6. No front cam (No surprise since i know it doesn't have one while buying. ) If u r looking for a Windows phone, then close your eyes and buy Microsoft Lumia 535.
Simply Excellent (full stop)
Phone is working super awesome. I got it for 5999/- that was a good deal for 1gb RAM mobiles from nokia/windows/lumia pros: anyway everyone know it is from Nokia. I dont have to tell, it will be gud one. cons: Since, i have selected after looking into features of the mobile, I dont have rights to blame the mobiles for not having extra features. But, I could say few; OTG support should have provided; front camera (atleast 0.3mp); exporting/importing the contacts could have made easy by simple transfer through .csv file (you will find exporting/importing contacts option via outlook or other email accounts); the lumia phone should be connected to Nokia OVI/PC suite, how we use for nokia symbian mobiles; I felt that was the easy transfer of photos, contacts, msgs store automatically to the system. Hope, these features could get upgrade in coming series of mobiles.
The phone is really good and feels pretty good in hand. Awesome build quality and performance. Lumia 630 offers great performance and this is even better as it has 1 gigs of ram. It is nothing but lumia 630 with 1 gb ram. Coming to the performance.No lags whatsoever. All high end games are smooth and doesnt have any major frame rate drops. Camera can easily beat other phones' 8 or 13 cameras. Only drawback is that there is no flash and front camera. But that is not a major problem as u can use the back camera for taking selfies as it supports facial recognition. Overall a great phone. Display,being a low res one, is stunning.Dropped it a few times from hip height and no scratch at all. Software wise the os is amazing. Most apps are here and only few apps are missing. It still has lumia cyan , not denim. But expect it very soon or better try the windows 10 tp.
great better than android
Good mobile at this range
Its good but not stylish.
Very good one...user friendly and fast comparing to android mobile...one issue is that overheating while internet is on....rest worth for ₹ 4999.00
This Lumia phone and really working fine. no call drops, nice voice clearty sound. Fast Internet surfing with 3g net on this phone.
Really Nice Mobile.
IT'S SIMPLY AWESOME
Excellent quality
Just what i wanted
If you are looking for options for the android this is the very good option windows os and 4G
Good as per Value
extremely happy
Value for money
Good As of now
Ok phone for the rate... but if ur not into gamming u should go for lumia 625... *Better screen clarity than 625 but smaller screeen.. *better ram and processor than 625 but lesser battery backup *both r 4G but 625 has front camera * 625 has gorrila glass 2 protection and all the sensors which 638 lacks. *625 is more comfertable to hold compared to 638 which has hard edges
its awesome..
Hi dear android guy's my phone model is samsung s3 neo but i have to try Microsoft phone lumia 638 this phone worth Rs.4999/- this phone only Facebook and what's up and browsing but android phone best compered to lumia but lumia touch and usage fast very good Worldwide no one mac 2nd android 3rd Microsoft my suggestion about the phone Thank you friends
ITS VERY GOOD PHONE ON SIM CARD ACTIVE AND 14 HOURS WIFI ACTIVE IT WILL BE 2 DAYS AND MORE BATTERY BACK UP.AND ALL TIME USE IT GIVES U 1DAY BACK UP...MEANS AWESOME BATTERY,ASPHALT 8, BROTHER IN ARMS 3,GT RACHING 2,SIX GUNS....ARE PLAY SMOOTH,2G VODAFONE SPEED JUST AMAZING.....AND ALSO CAMERA ALSO VERY GOOD...OVERALL PERFOMANCE JUST AWESOME......
The Bad: No front camera and the camera is only 5MP wihtout flash. The Good: 1.2 Ghz Quad-Core processor is really powerful and aweasone gaming experience. COmes with 1GB RAM and 8 GB memory & 4G is just icing on the cake for this price ponit. The build quality is very good and back cover has mat-finish, which i just love.
Perfect phone at this piece segment. Photos came to be decent at day light. Photos taken at night came to life when taken through Lumia camera by changing settings. Powerful phone. No lags or glitches. Windows 10 also runs pretty smoothly on this device. It lacks front camera and flash, that's why i have given only 4 stars.
great phone
great price
Good phone.
Great phone
Nice mobile
Nice phone
Good phone
Yellowish tinge in the screen not at all good for viewing photos and videos build quality is ok speaker volume but the screen is a deal breaker. I don't know if it's the problem with my handset only or is it common more the handset appears as if it was refurbished.
I like it
Very fast shipping and good product
I arrived today and the camera is not working. May be its just a defective piece but I have make my parents print a label and take it to a location which is 15 Kim's from my home to drop it off. I guess I should do cash on delivery from next time!
Best for office use, 1 GB ram gives batter performance, camera good, display awesome, only few drawbacks like no flash, no front camera, and no cortana support yet :(
as like a appal phone
superb
Amazing phone, great value for money. Waiting for 4g connectivity to realize its true potential. However the clear black display is slightly disappointing
Bought this one for dad. The touch was not as good as I expected, it is OK OK. All other things were good.
good
good
Good
Good
fine
Fine
Good
The Nokia Lumia 638 priced at Rs 8,299 is definitely a pocket friendly phone with a reasonable pricing. The device takes advantage of 4G LTE connectivity that is hardly a part of the entry level and mid range offerings. However, while the Indian and Chinese brands have dominated the market with their solid devices, the Lumia 638 comes with pretty average specifications and lags behind its challengers in terms of photography. If the imaging department is definitely not your first preference, you can opt for the Nokia smartphone for its super fast connectivity support.. Pro's : Support for 4G LTE connectivity Competitive pricing cons : No rear flash and lack of front facing camera
A good buy in 5999 INR. Still 4G has to test. Else overall worth spending for this phone.
This is a paisa-vasool product. Also the packaging & product delivery was good.
Good one
Not too good not too bad. Hangs while opening some applications.
phone is just ok but 2g &3g net is very slow....
Wrost product display feels low resolution
It is my expectation. Thank you amazon.
Good
Have been using this for a week now. This one is definitely a VFM as I got it for Rs.5999. -> Snapdragon 400 and 1 gigs of RAM is a damn combination for the money we pay. -> With 1830mAH juicer, we can easily take it through a day with moderate usage. -> Build quality is good though its a low-end device. -> Touch response is really good even with the tempered glass on top of the glass. -> Camera's performance and quality is reasonable. -> And finally, the handset is thinner than I thought it would be. I would recommend Nillkin Tempered Glass protector for this device as it doesn't have gorilla glass protection ( http://www.amazon.in/gp/product/B00LEU04ME/ref=cm_cr_ryp_prd_ttl_sol_2 ) Will be updating this review soon.
Not expected this from Microsoft...
fast delivery and product was good
Not upto the standard I expected
Very good phone in budget price
Good phone but over priced
its okay for its price.
Phone is heating up
Great Product!
chinese product . back cover is so bad . no speed also . poor screen. pooor sound . so poor speakers. i was tooo disappointed to get 638.. never i will never get a window phone made in china no never.
This 3 stars for not downloading apps i have airtel 3G still it is not download always written this error code may be helpful:any code back i use android its good don't buy windows phone buy android
i want this
Mind blowing phone both is terms of hardware and software got this for just 4999 on republic day deal.Thank you amazon for this offer and fast delivery of the product..
Not having front cam is big back of this model. Remaining its ok
I just wasted money on buying this.
Poor Product quality! The battery is not charging properly. It is getting discharged in just 2 hours. Should not buy this product as I believe being a new 4g device, there are some defects in models. I have to run after nokia care for getting my new phone repaired :(
this is a phone a person with normal budget can i wanted a phone for my own son which i think would be best with the morden age of faster smatter and better this is a interesting and good phone for generally students of 8 and 9 class
Decent phone, but 4G does not work so well
Bulls*** product
Delivery was as usual good.. But when coming to product you gonna dislike it in a week.. Disadvantages of this phone.... 1).i tried all the best earphones I had on this phone but music output was like china phone...this is because this phone is made in china while 630 was made in Vietnam which is of superior quality.. 2).a perfect app can never be found on windows store...all you got is some famous apps...a very few to enjoy and there is no good video players like android...u will be irritated in a week or so... 3)the front cam is absent and even back cam has no flash...for this price go for Lenovo a6000 and u will be surprised with cam and also the Dolby music output...in later days u will feel sad about front cam for sure... 4)many to many call drops u will face for sure... 5)this phone does not get the denim update untill u change ur region and language to china...and using ur phone in Chinese is most difficult thing... 6)apps never get updated like android and apple... App crashes usually...all the apps look worst on windows... So anybody thinkin to buy this phone plss stoppppp....go for yureka or Lenovo a6000...believe me if u buy this Lumia you'll regret ....
If you wish to buy Windows phone, go for it... coz, Moto E has better specification than this, cheaper than this..
Phone is good but price is not good
no front camera .. oops..
bulls*** roduct by nokia
good
Its better not to buy phone with windows.Android phones are better
