B00PH3RPR6
Android One is a project by Google to make affordable technology available to the masses. The phones are made to an exacting specification laid down by Google, and there are currently three companies in India supplying the phones, viz. Karbonn, Micromax and Spice. I have already purchased two of the Micromax Android One phones, and now I am the proud owner of the Karbonn model. The specification of all three phones is identical, and the only difference between the Karbonn and Micromax is the logo and the escutcheon around the rear camera. I prefer the Karbonn. This red model is identical to the black, except the removable back is a shocking bright red... I wanted this so that I could easliy tell my phones apart, and boy, does this fluorescent red do the trick! The specification of the phone is top notch, and I have never had any lag, delay, crashing or any other technical issue with the phone. A 32 GB SD card can be added (the phone came supplied with an 8 GB card - it needs a memory card or the camera will not save photos) which makes it an excellent choice as a music player or for watching movies if you don't have a TV. Satellite Navigation, GPS, Skype, Apps, everything works perfectly, and this phone is definitely worth buying even at double the price.
Karbonn Sparkle V is an Android One device released along with other AndroidOne devices from Spice and Micromax. Since this is build on Google's reference design, all these devices have the same internal specs, only the outward looks change. What's in the Box : Phone,Battery,Screen Guard,Charger,Headphones (Not in-ear ) Display : IPS Display with Good viewing angles and is pleasing to Look at even though the PPI is low. No Complains. Looks and Build Quality : The back panel is not matte finished, rather it has a smooth panel and is not that grippy. The front of the device is almost identical to other First Gen Android One devices. Build quality is OK for the price. The phone is quite heavy which is surprising as it only has a small 1700mAh battery inside. Software and Performance : This comes with Android 4.4.4 out of the box and is expected to get Android L update by the end of January. Google is promising 2 Years of Software support which is great for the price. Overall performance of the device is good, hardly saw any lags while Multitasking. Mediatek Mt6582 quadcore performs quite well and you can play many popular games without any issues. Camera : Both Cameras are just Average, nothing to get excited about. Battery: This only has a 1700mAh Battery, which won't last a Full day of use if you use Internet often. This is, in my opinion the biggest issue with these AndroidOne devices. To get better backup from this small battery, Use ART Runtime ( Google Search to know how to Switch to ART from Dalvik ). Hopefully, we can expect further Battery improvements in the upcoming Android L OTA for this device. Storage : 4GB internal. Around 2.5GB Available. You cannot choose default app install location as the sdcard, but you can Move supported apps to Sdcard. OTG is not Supported. Verdict : I bought this solely for the 2 year Software support from Google. If you don't care about updates, you can get better devices under 10K range in India now. If you have access to a charging port always,like a laptop or a pc, the small Battery is not that big a concern.Next gen AndroidOne devices are coming First Quarter of 2015,with better specs and hopefully a bigger battery.I would recommend waiting for those if smaller battery and a low resolution display is an issue for you.
Cons:If you are reading this review that means that you are planning to buy this phone.A normal person will buy this phone because it is from google so its build quality will be good.I am using the phone since october,and i dont find anything that a google phone has.you wont believe but when I play asphalt 8 on this phone,it gets heated as someone has put it on fire.Heating issues are not only while playing heavy games,it also gets heated if you talk for long hours.Battery backup is also an issue,only 5 to 6 hours after fully charged. Pros:This phone has a very good scope of development,if you will install custom roms on the device it is a very nice device in that aspect.Also it never hangs.Camera is also good. Suggestion:If you want to buy a low budget phone that gets OTA updates then do not buy this,buy a motorola!!!!
Performs well, got the lollipop update before my cousin did on his nexus 6! Smooth , lag free performance. I don't use the device for gaming though ,hence i cant comment on gaming performance. Camera performance is average. And u need to insert a micro sd card to strt clicking pics. Battery life is pretty good and im able to use it through the day without looking around for a charger to plug into. As for looks and ...people were shocked when I told them the device retails for around 5k!!
It's an awesome smart phone feels good in our hand very handy and decent rear and front camera. The best thing about this product is basic functionality is suberb zero lagging , lollypop update makes the UI very user friendly. Touch is very smooth , it has a good battery life. Google and karbonn have successfully achieved their goal in Android one programme.
I bought this phone by end Feb 2015 & until now it works fine to our fullest satisfaction. It is really worth of the price we paid for this phone.
Battery backup is low Not user friendly Overall ok for This price
Good product at great price, delivery was very fast too.
Very bad quality phone, the build quality is average , think twice before choosing this product , the battery is bad and after sales service is worst, my phone worked well for 6 months after which it stopped working , and when I went to service centre , they are claiming that the mother board is affected due to water clogging and it may be because of sweat, and made the warranty void and gave an estimate of 3.5 K for repair.
Third class mobile plz don't go for this
Awesome phone
