B00PINMBK6
Dear Mobile Hunters, I received this phone within 3 working days from amazon and hats off to quickest response. I went through rigorous reviews and comparative analysis of other brands and found this deal was perfect. In fact I buy this for my wife with little surprise on valentine. The build is solid, slim and salty (white) that my wife happiness had no bound. Looks adorable in palm of a lady. The 5.5 HD screen made her a feel of holding giant gazette and swung mood after taking first Pic. OMG!! What picture clarity of 8mp. HDR is just bliss with auto focus and manages to take low beam light pics. (I believe girls are maniac about phone camera mainly). For a more tech savvy like me definitely not so curious about camera but a processor speed, RAM, navigation and a game. Well, what you could expect within 9k but Panasonic really impressed me here over Lenovo A600 that literally playing see-saw from last few days and making gimmick on Flip-Kart. Nevertheless I would say go for this phone if you are looking for * Gift to GF/Wife * Camera & HDR * Good battery back up * Goodies like free scratch guard & flip-cover * Bigger screen of 5.5 with HD resolution * Better brand compare to Micromax, Karbonn, Lava and Xolo. Suggestion to amazon: Please make available scratch guard and flip cover at cheapest rates for Panasonic Mobiles with free delivery.
its a very good phone at this price...n d features ar gr8.....camera quality is gr8 also in low light nd d display is juszz awesome hats off to panasonic
My opinion for this phone after using 1month Pros. 1) Good battery life. 2)1 gb ram quadcore no lags at all 3)5.5inch screen n no heating problems 4)slim n styles Cons.1) Poor camera (blurry pic) 2)Less ROM (app not moveable to SD) 3)not upgradable lollipop5.0 os Overall this phone is average plus for me 4*
Though d delivery was late but a good deal with Amazon. Cell z so good.A good cellphone if u r opting for KitKat.9.5 out of 10 in good looks..
I received the Panasonic P55 just 3-4 days back and I would say its a good phone. Nice screen size, Cam Quality in day light is good but not satisfactory at night times especially in dark areas. Another problem is the less internal memory of 4GB. I knew about this before purchasing the phone but as I do not install games I am ok with it. Hope it does not start hanging after installing Apps like WhatsAPP, FB,YM and Skype.Overall a nice phone at the price I purchased it for.
I have bought it for my wife and we are pleasantly surprised with the build quality. Though we had phones out there with better configuration in the same price range, we are happy with the choice we made. Watching videos is a nice experience in this device as the sound quality is very good and the HD screen adding to the feel.
Great phone at this price range, and delivery was at time as well... pros: Premium design with metal Sides Super bright IPS screen Great colour reproduction Camera is just Awesome Phone is very fast n responsive cons: NO backlit buttons Sound is quite low
Product is great and delivery is very fast. Device is running very well. Nice Display
Product is good but delivery time is so late.should increase memory level .
Best phone never hangs its not only met my expection but has exceeded, low cost, excellent performance any time better then apple and Samsung, stylish look, big screen, fast browsing with kit kat,camera performance is good overall value for money
very bad experience this phone is giving me a lot of problems within one month of purchase i would not recommend it to anyone first there was a software problem and now my ring tone is not working very bad quality
Really good device for the price. It has a few problems like low ringing volume, the double-tab-to-unloack doesn't work at times, etc. But overall it is indeed a pretty awesome device for the price.
Luv this phone and the price that Amazon offering.
I am using this phone last 4 months no issue Battery backup exelent Camera good Display very good Overall very good we can say paisa basool phone
first of all the amazon service is awsome. i got the product within 3 days, thank u amazon. the product is good and as a customer i am satisfied . <3
Very Good product over all !! But the sad part is that it has only 4GB internal memory and apps cannot be moved to SD card. Over all very good.
I purchased it about 2 months ago & it is good running till day. Good phone with awesome camera. Smooth running and worthy Must buy..
the panasonic quality is not good, average, when i pressed screen the screen little damaged black shadow coming, not superb quality
very very nice phone compare to all brand 15k range phones like micromax sony samsung lenevo panasonic p55 is best
Great phone..Hangs a little bit sometimes. But otherwise awesome phone with great camera!! Complete value for money!!
Hi ! Excellent. You need to fix conference call easely.Also,during on call,should navigate to menu.If the caller wants to go.
Its gud..like classy becoz of its white color..its a new android cumng up from Panasonic..so satisfactory fr new users..
While starting slow responding
Disply Looking nice but some time hanging problem facing 1 GB RAM not safisafisant in this phone.camera clearclearty good
Ordered it 2days back ! Excellent features. Value for money ! Fast delivery... Good Product ! You can go for it.
If you are not a big gaming user and use your phone for calls, messages and social media mainly, this is the phone for you. With 5.5 inch screen and a beautiful back panel, this looks awesome in the hands of a woman. Pros: Great screen, 5.5 inches diagonal Light weight and slim, looks premium. Pattern on the back cover looks gorgeous. Free flip cover which is of nice quality and screen guard too. Gesture feature is super cool. Big battery 2500 mAH Dual SIM GSM/WCDMA Cons: Not too many at this price 4GB internal memory (Expandable 32GB) Nice if back, menu and home symbols were illuminated. Becomes a bit of problem when you are using your phone in darkness.
It's a good device with large screen and high speed.......overall it is recommended to all......
Very gud product.....gud music and battery back up also........ Thank u Amazon...... A lot.
Amazon Rockzz Early Delivery Than estimated time Phone is also cool in given Price..... :)
Great phone I will use 2or 3month no hanging no tension camera is awsome I m happy this phone
Amanging phone i use last four month camra quality so good 100/ satisfied tahir khan bhopal
nice picture quality, but sound quailty is weak & and battery is also not successive
Looks great and works great. Also, comes with a carry case and gives a rich look.
Excellent phone and service .fully satisfied.courier was also in scheduled time
It is a nice phone...looks are also good..but it's battery dies out too fast!
Best phone really worth.guys do buy this phone I am happy with this product
Very good mobile. Display, sound,battery awesome. But camera  is average.
delivery & communication was good. Instrument is very good. working well.
It is good Mobile and worth for Money.. Amazon delivery rocks always..!
good phone but sound system is so bad display is good and smooth
Ordered it for my brother in law he is fully satisfied from this.....
value for money thanks to flipkart picture and sound quality are best
Bought it arnd 3 months ago .. Awsum phone.. No prob till now..
It seems to be a great phone. Very good voice clarity. Look is great
Best deal of this mobile in amazon and this is better cell phone.
NICE PRODUCT GOOD AND QUICK DESPATCH..........V..GOOD SERVICE
Can meet almost 75% of expectation, Value for the money.
Value for money... I am loving this phone... Go for it..
Nice 1 with affordable price.......except camera.....
Yes P55 meets my execptations and it's light weight
THE PHONE IS GREAT.SUPEREB. HATS OFF TO PANASONIC.
Good one I m giving 4 stars for inbuilt memory
VERY NICE PRODUCT AND PROMPT DELIVERY BY AMAZON
Excellent phone Satisfied pleasure to use
Only the quad processor is bad else it is good
Sim 1 slot was not working, so I returned it.
its worth of price .it met with my expectatons
Lovely....nothing bad.... Meet my desire
good..everything is right about this phone...
Awesome Mobile. Thanks Panasonic and Amazon.
Best phone in the entire mobile world...
So good for me. Its useful for browsing
Performance is better than expectation.
Phone is good at the prize mentioned.
Really very good mobile that budget
Flash is not gud as much I thought
VERY SMART MOBILE AND GOOD WORKING
Nice product in this price range
Ordered on 5th night and got it delieverd today so amazon delievery rocks. as far as phone is concerned,seems good as of now. got a free flip cover and screen guard too. will keep u updating later ...
I ordered for this mobile. Hats
it reached us in time and good.
P55 good product. Easy operated
Nice phone but bettery is poor
Good one for the given prize.
happy
best phone for this price...
its really good i love it...
very good phone. No worries.
A gud phone @ this price :)
Good phone value for money
Good value for money phone
Nice phone. Thanks amazon
I really love this phone
nice phone at this prize
I DONT LIKE THIS MOBILE
Its very good product.
Its good at dis price
Apps can not be moved
It is very nice phone
Good phone. Nice buy
Best an affordable
Nice instrument. The display, the size and dimensions are great. The light-weight is convenient. The accessories i.e. the case, the earphone are of good quality, much better than the ones available in the market. Only the volume rocker is on the left side which is not that convenient, when, with the case, operation with one hand is difficult. Speaker volume is so so and it can be better. Camera performance with natural light is good but not with the 'flash'. Battery drainage is reasonably ok if one is careful in switching off the unwanted functions when not in use. Overall I am totally satisfied with the P55 smart phone performance.
Excellent product.
A very good phone.
good for ths price
Camera is not good
Best at its price
Not upto the mark
Really nice phone
NICE BUT NOT GOOD
good...........
Value for Money
very very good
best in class
Nice phone...
Good phone 
Good Product
gud servics
good smartphone in this range and spec....
Nice phone
good one.
2500 mah battery shows but its Not enough battery backup, if i charged full battery i can't use that even 1full day and also internal memory too low even apps also not mOved to SD card..... I was not satisfied of these products...
Problem
So nice
All panasonic items are worth full even TV , mixer grinder, u take any item worthy . we r having panasonic LCD viera , this phone can be used as a remote, excellent piece
best thing of p55 mobile price is low (8125 rs). camera quality is normal. video recording is good under perfect lighting. games are working well. battery is normal.
Its ok
super
Happy
Hello Dear, Can attach pen drive by OTb cable with this phone. Any one say about this. Thanks
GOOD
Good
Good
good
Good
best phone in ths price .. battery backup touch every thing is excellent ..
Hello user This mobile is totally nice. I purchased this bye amazon.
Bad
I have bought this smartphone and I will write my detail review soon
Battery of Phone very bad and SIM 1 Slot mot proper support 3G
I purchased this phone on 4th February 2015 at a price of Rs,7709/-. This is my fourth android devices I am handling and in the light of my experience What I attempted was a most impartial in depth view of the features of this phone instead echoing hypes and hyperbole spread by many reviews. Although the pros of the device rather outweigh the cons, the later needs be underlined. First the cons: 1. price wise perceived this is a deal breaker from the famed Panasonic stable. You get a 5.5 inch fablet to show off to friends with HD display and vibrant colour. I found no lag in playing games like Temple Run2, Subway Surfers i Fighter 1945,thanks to 1 gb ram, though I did not attempt higher end graphic intensive games.With a suitable Ram optimizer app installed and running in the background, around 500 mb ram remains free always. The phone has premium look with good build quality and boxed accessories include a good flip cover, screen protector. The bundled headphone is of unexpectedly good quality. The call clarity is quite well and integrated speaker delivers crisp and loud sound.There is notification indicator light and charging indicator light too, on the side of the ear piece. The front camera is good, but the rear camera can take acceptable average quality shots in daylight. It is nothing extraordinary. The rear cam is capable of taking full HD video.But the audio input is low obviously because they excluded addition mic on the back side. Panasonic has added cool feature of double tap on the screen for wake up and entering sleep mode. Gesture Play is another interesting add on which you can use unless you resent an additional 45 MB memory load. I set it of. But the biggest downside of the phone is low internal memory. Although it is said it has 4 GB, it is only 1.92 GB when it comes to your hand. The rest is taken up with Android system files and pre installed apps some of which you cannot uninstall. Worse still, app cannot be installed, moved or run from and on SD card. Thus it severely restricts scope of installing further installing apps of your choice. This is a sad exclusion of the manufacturer while most competitors have either an expanded internal memory or allows installation of apps/other back up outputs on SD cards. Otherwise I fail to understand including an expandable external memory slot. Now some battery related and other issues which I don't know is my sole experience. Initially while running some graphic intensive apps, I found overheating of the back of the phone which indicates processor over clocked, resulting in abnormal battery drain. And then I calibrated the battery and made some quick full battery discharge and charge cycles.As of now I no longer find a recurrence of the issue. The battery on full charge lasts about one and half day on moderate usage In my view the phone would deserve a five star rating had the manufacturer could address the issue of low internal memory and I hole they would take care about this in future.
good product with good service
Nice phone at this price
Not worth.
Back 8mp camera waste. I purchase and use the phone
genuine product thanks to amazon:-)
Dont buy this
i want this phone
worst phone
