B00PH3RP9O
Karbonn Sparkle V is an Android One device released along with other AndroidOne devices from Spice and Micromax. Since this is build on Google's reference design, all these devices have the same internal specs, only the outward looks change. What's in the Box : Phone,Battery,Screen Guard,Charger,Headphones (Not in-ear ) Display : IPS Display with Good viewing angles and is pleasing to Look at even though the PPI is low. No Complains. Looks and Build Quality : The back panel is not matte finished, rather it has a smooth panel and is not that grippy. The front of the device is almost identical to other First Gen Android One devices. Build quality is OK for the price. The phone is quite heavy which is surprising as it only has a small 1700mAh battery inside. Software and Performance : This comes with Android 4.4.4 out of the box and is expected to get Android L update by the end of January. Google is promising 2 Years of Software support which is great for the price. Overall performance of the device is good, hardly saw any lags while Multitasking. Mediatek Mt6582 quadcore performs quite well and you can play many popular games without any issues. Camera : Both Cameras are just Average, nothing to get excited about. Battery: This only has a 1700mAh Battery, which won't last a Full day of use if you use Internet often. This is, in my opinion the biggest issue with these AndroidOne devices. To get better backup from this small battery, Use ART Runtime ( Google Search to know how to Switch to ART from Dalvik ). Hopefully, we can expect further Battery improvements in the upcoming Android L OTA for this device. Storage : 4GB internal. Around 2.5GB Available. You cannot choose default app install location as the sdcard, but you can Move supported apps to Sdcard. OTG is not Supported. Verdict : I bought this solely for the 2 year Software support from Google. If you don't care about updates, you can get better devices under 10K range in India now. If you have access to a charging port always,like a laptop or a pc, the small Battery is not that big a concern.Next gen AndroidOne devices are coming First Quarter of 2015,with better specs and hopefully a bigger battery.I would recommend waiting for those if smaller battery and a low resolution display is an issue for you.
great phone but battery life should have been better
Class phone by karbonn Con's... 1.Software update promise broken by google 2.battery not last 1 days Pros 1.camera good 2.best internal storage and apps movable to SD card. 3.present all sensors 4.auto brightness available
this is my first order in amazon,very good packing and delivery is also good coming to the phone its simply woww who gives u full hd recording at 5k and 1 gigs of ram and its google too go for !!!!t
really good and affordable phone. It hangs a bit but okay had to formatt it twice
