B00Q2HGF3Q
Lumia 535... A pretty decent phone. It's actually underrated. The camera, though 5mp, shoots some real great stuffs. The front facing 5mp camera... Well, there is no need to talk about it. It's perfect. Better than most front facing cameras in market. The inbuilt and expandable memory, shipping with the snapdragon chipset, and 1Gb ram makes the phone the best product to buy below 10k. And its a Microsoft product! So the phone life will be at least 3 years from now. Not like android of Samsung or any other company. No matter what android you but, it lasts around max 2 years. Build quality is very good. And people talking about the touch problem, yes, agreed. There is one problem. The touch doesn't work properly sometimes. But its a software problem. Currently the update that solves the problem is out. So update the phone. And the problem about zoom, crazy stupid people, they don't even know its not a problem! It's a feature! If you double tap on the screen with two fingers, the screen magnifies. Wherever in the phone you are, it magnifies. To turn this feature off, just go to ease of access in settings and turn this feature off. Dumb people. -__- It's a phone worth buying. Trust me.
Good service by amazon. Product reached on time. About the phone..will just summarize in the following points.. Pros- Very light weight 5mp front cam Gorrila glass display Cons- Dull looks Not so impressive processor Windows OS might need sometime getting used to. Overall a decent phone though value for money isnt as great as offered by competitorsin the same price range.
I'm writing this review after almost half a month... PROS Good front & back camera.. If u wanna be a selfie special, it's a good option. Can run WhatsApp.. Can update apps from store.. Internet runs smoothly.. No hang prob.. Multi tasking possible.. Can play good games.. I even tried asphalt 8... LED at rear is fab.. Nice battery life... It will run a day with moderate usage.. No heating up prob on normal use.. Noise reduction technology helps a lot.. CONS Cheap gorilla glass, though Asus zenfone too provides a cheap one.. So if u drop up your phone, you are gone.. Cheap headset.. May find finger print marks at the rear cover.. Heats up a little if you play games more than half an hour... Trust me guys, it's a fab deal.. I could have gone for Lenovo a6000 or a6000 plus, but I left the idea as a 64 bit phone heats up a lot and the camera quality is not worthy of Lenovo.. I used Samsung, micromax and even apple too.. Battery drains a lot in apple... Bt Lumia 535 is a good deal under 10k..
u hav to turn off u r sreen magnifier ..nd update u r phone so dat u wnt face any screen zooming prlms ...touch wil be imprvd bt still there is a lag in the touch sensitivity i thnk there should be anothr upadate only for touch ..remaining is very good ...due to touch sensitivity phone is lagging
Microsoft got everything right in this phone. I can confirm that the touch issue is completely fixed by Microsoft via the update and it's now working perfectly fine. Mine was manufactured on 2nd Feb and may be they've fixed the issues for this new batch of devices. 1) Fantastic cameras, both front and rear 2) The big screen and the build feels light and solid. It's as same as Nokia Lumia phones. 3) Lumia apps such as mix radio, Lumia camera rocks 4) Again touch feels fantastic and the screen is responsive as much as any phone. 5) As usual being a Windows Phone, there is no lag whatsoever. Feels fluid and fast. 6) Gorilla glass 3 : Important reason to consider this mobile from others. It's scratch resistant and sturdy. Well, many more are there. If you're looking for a fantastic smartphone experience at this range, look no further get the Lumia 535 and enjoy. Amazon did a fast delivery . Will post about battery life in couple of days. Overall I'm fully satisfied with this device. Thank you Microsoft and Amazon. ;) Update : The battery lasts easily for one day with moderate-heavy usage. You can easily take it for two days if you use your phone for calling and texting. Gaming does consume a bit of juice faster but it is expected at this price range.I wish the battery was 2000mAH but it's good as I said.Good thing is that you can play most of the games from the Store even the graphic intensive games like Asphalt 8. It doesn't lag and that's one more advantage of this phone. Again, I'm satisfied with this device :)
I am an ardent google nexus user, but decided to use a windows phone as a second phone just to get a different look and feel experience. Since I have also used mid segment androids as well, my expectations from Microsoft was no way far behind(given this is the 1st phone with Microsoft branding). But I have to say that they are not in competition with any other androids within this segment. The product completely lacks the punch. The display is not crisp compared to any other phone in the market. They do give corning guerrilla glass though! The OS is lagging even after the denim update, the touch not that great and responsive. Windows store doesn't have so many apps that one is use to in play store. They don't have a you tube app! hows that! The call quality is OK so is the sound. It is not 4G compatible and you cannot play high definition videos. The built quality is also dismal. The rear camera is below average given its a lumia series which is known for camera quality. The front camera can take some decent shots being a 5 mega pixel. Its a below average product that will not change the fortunes for Microsoft for sure. They have to put in a lot in terms of everything in order to woo android users who are spoilt for choices.
Excellent product in a reasonable price. No hanging problem. I found it as I expected.
NICE FONE!!! LOTS OF APPS REFRESHING CHANGE FROM ANDROID 1GB RAM WORKS WELL FOR THE FONE LOTS OF INTERNL MEMORY GOOD BATTERY LIFE NOT A BATTERY GUZZLER LIKE ANDROID TOUCH SCREEN IS NOT BAD CAN TAKE NICE SELFIES GOOD REAR CAMERA
Good job by microsoft. The only disadvantage is lack of apps or else a nice phone. Plus you will require a flip cover for this phone or else the screen will zoomed in and become larger and phone will get hanged if you are putting it in skinny jeans or trousers.
Simply superb..no lags,no heating issue..i love it.Its time to change android to windows..
It's nice phone by Microsoft at low cost and has nice camera both primary and secondary.
I had bought it for my parents, Since one can resize the app shortcuts on home screen, windows phone was my first choice. I needed decent camera with flash, easy manual, decent RAM and good battery backup. Lumia 535 meets all these expectations.
really awesome, only touch problem, after MATTE SCREEN GUARD even that issue solved
My friends there is touch and zoom issues in this phone but we can solve it. Update software of your Lumia 535 then use mate screen guard on it,it will work fine as other Lumia devices and 2nd for zooming use camera360from store. Then there will be no other problems on it.
i like the amazon service its quick and reliable now come to the product its my first smart phone at this price range its a great phone .its not for game addicted person but if u love games it got plenty of games positives 1) 5mp camera for selfie 2) 1 gb ram 3) clean interface 4) smooth touch response negative 1) no 8gb ROM only around 7.4gb available out of which u can use only 3.5 gb(but u can uninstall pre install apps) 2) no HD recording 3) no Hd screen
Hi, The phone sometimes to be hang. Screen size sometime to be zoomed. font & screen size are showing to big. After restart the phone its show normal font. If anyone have same issue kindly share your review.
Just received this phone today, it is lovely and feels very light. Now some people say that there is a touch issue and I agree to that after seeing videos related to the issue on youtube. however after receiving the phone I did not incur any such problems i.e. even after playing games (for about an hour) and after installing updates. Therefore according to me I guess it is a problem only with some units which are sold. will again write after using for sometime.
This mobile is good but I am getting heating problem if I play game and internet usag.
Having touch problem no quick response on touch. Cant update number which are in histo
This one is worth it. Awesome features at minimum price. Good battery backup. But if ur an android user u may face problems while switching.
its a nice phone for decent prize the only problem is the touch quality ............. it has 5 megapixel back and front camera which is awesome........cortana does not work in the region india so i changed my region of united states now cortana is working very fine ......cortana is an awesome app ........it is inbuilt.......i love this phone ...........cortana helps me keep reminders, etc ........ and the x box store allows you to download superb games......like asphalt 8 , subway surfers,etc.........but you cant download all the games which an android phone can offer...but it is still an awesome phone with lumia selfie app and a lot more.....i recommend you to buy this awesome phone ....and it is worth the money......i got the phone for rs-7933/-................ amazon delivery and packing facility is awesome compared to other online websites like flipkart , etc
First Impression of MicroSoft Lumia 535 http://mahsimpleopinion.blogspot.com/2015/04/first-impression-of-microsoft-lumia-535.html
Am hppy wd. Mobile dimension and touch...battery backup also,fine..about mobile settings its little difficulty to understand.
Great window phone with totally new n modern texture n very user friendly n nice camera quality.. I love dis phone very much.
The service was prompt, but it seems that there is some problem with the item. My brother-in-law had recommended this phone to me and he is using same phone from months. But i found that the set hangs frequently, touch problem and re-starts intermittently. While charging, I can't use the mobile because everytime I touch while charging, it doesn't work.. Not much happy with the mobile..
worst phone , as soon as i opened and switched on , the screen is blank,please dont buy.I have already intiated for return.
Unsatisfactory results. Crashes time to time. Unresponsive touch. Networks problem. Camera is dull need to add zoom in it.
No satisfied with the product as I was able to see finger prints on the back panel of the mobile and it seems to be used.
not so user friendly. downloading stops if u minimize it. touch not working properly specially during charging
Superb phone at this price. Phone is buttery smooth. All the major and important apps are available in window store. Nokia map is way ahead of google map. MS apps are good. After using Xperia Z1 for 15 months(still using) I can say that this windows phone is great value for money. Build quality is good. Camera is good for normal uses, but in low light it is average. Now waiting for CORTANA.
This phone is really good and in cheaper price. Good fit for someone who's new to Windows Phone as I bought it for around 7k. I've been using it since 28th Feb. Touch sometimes doesn't work well but sound, camera quality is very good! battery lasts at least for a day. Except minor touch issue (which occurs sometimes!) I didn't have problem so far...I liked Lumia 535
My first review after buying this phone. First of all the the specs offered at this price is simply outstanding. I have been using Lumia 520 and 1020. So i would say this is pretty great phone. Delivery from Amazon was awesome. I chose one day delivery. Ordered the phone on saturday evening 6.30 and they delivered it on sunday morning 9.30
camera is good,sound system & batery not upto mark, i got problem in phone display after use for for 30 hours.
Naushad good mobile
Good and improved Lumia phone from its predecessor. Amazon delivery was spot on as always :)
This is a very good budget mobile phone for every day use. The rear camera and the selfie camera is also fine with the slight over exposure can be easily corrected by using in mobile editing software. The display is quite nice and does not strain the eye even after long use.The procurement through Amazon is also prompt.
If I used internet on that time mobile will be Hot. Except this problem all mobile is to good
The phone delivers on almost everything it promises. Only thing I am disappointed about is the MS Office version for the phone. I switched to windows phone as I wanted to get any 11th work done using MS Office but the phone version does not even come close to Quick Office for Android (leave alone the desktop version)
Great phone at this price. As most have commented there's a hitch in the touch sensitivity, but noticeable only very few times and not a serious issue when compared to its looks and utility.
phone is awesome...only problem i face is touch...when moisture is there on screen...touch issue is serious... all features works great...front camera is excellent ...rear camera is good...does not support 1080p hd videos..support other formats... worth to price...i will suggest you to go with lumia 535
it's not worth for money drawbacks listed below, 1.screen resolution is very low does not meet the described level 2.low processing power 3. very low touch sensitive(better to use qwerty mobile for this one) it's an very worst mobile, and never suggest anyone to buy this model.
Awesome product. Comes with cool set of preloaded apps. It has everything which you can get in a 15K android mobile. Great move by microsoft.
The Phone Amazing. Good Work from Microsoft. But I feel a little setback when the phone reacts Very badly to touch responses the first time I opened it from the box. But Updating it with the patch that Microsoft releases, the phone feels good. No problem till date
The Microsoft Lumia 535 is an amazing handset and it is definitely one of it’s kind handset that ensures an all round performance. So the Microsoft hasn’t really compromised on one thing to ensure another thing. A properly balanced handset with a strong Quad Core Processor and 1 GB RAM the handset boasts of apps like the Skype, MS Office, Whatsapp, Subway Surfer etc and flaunts a bright and coloured outlook with a large 5 inches screen, has dual SIM supportability etc. The storage capacity is also great with 8 GB mass storage and 128 GB on the SD card. The 15 GB free space on the One Drive is also of a lot of help.
I have bought dis phone and when I am purchasing it from market I am feeling nervous because of negative comments on dis phone but after purchasing it I love 7Å8 it because it has all things gud and I suggest u 2 buy this phone "9á5 so don't trust on negative comments buy it now.
The cell phone get stucks in between while using..very poor phone..don't buy..
Fabulous look, faced a lil problem with touch sensitivity. Else recommended!
this is not too good but if u boring using android then its better option
product is not as good as expected its just ok...I am not happy with the Lumia 535 its compromising to purchase. Battery very poor performance camera just ok Some apps as Watts app cannot shift on SD card. so memory is big issue for the phone.
An amazing phone at an even more amazing price. Also, amazon delivered it too fast, in 2 days. Camera v.good. Lot of in built apps, the lumia mix radio offers a wide range of songs, that too offline. Cant use chrome, but so far browsing has been trouble free.
the phone is working well for me, it is fast and i just love the front camera. but frankly speaking the phone could have been a bit sleeker.amazon packed it in a box which is the size of two shoe boxes put together side by side, really happy with the service.
First Review: Just Bought Overall nice phone, but there are some drawbacks: 1) Touch is not that great as compared to the Nokia phones, but you know in this price, it's more than enough. 2) Data Cable is not provided with the packaging.
Touch issue and screen magnifying issues are there. Screen automatically gets magnified whenever a call ends and becomes normal only after restarting the phone. Have turned off the screen magnifier from settings but still the problem persists. Waiting for an update from Microsoft to resolve this major issue.
I had ordered it last day & the expected time was today by 8 PM but it reached be even before...Good job Team Amazon. Now the Product wise it was totally value for money...Camera, Screen Size, display quality & touchsceen was just too smooth to use.
It's a nice phone in this range. Camera is very nice both rear and front, the only problem in camera is when we click a pic, we'll not be able to zoom it. Some of the apps that are available on android isn't available as it is a windows phone.
Best Budget Phone, its actually more worth the price. Good in performance, super impressed with the camera! (Both: front &main) Excellent touch response, no lagging until now. Delivery was too fast! Awesome service from amazon
For the price, it has most features available in high-end smartphones. However, the difference can be made out in the finish and the screen resolution. Overall, a satisfying product, delivered before time as usual and in good packaging.
Its my first Windows phone (got sick of Android interface) and the ease of use is really good....also considering the price vs features, I would say its worth every penny you put in....and Thanx to Amazon for their great discount and amazing service...
Good Product. build quality is same as Nokia. though low pixel resolution, does not make any visible difference in video/pic quality. did not have any of the zoom issue initially and after the update. recommended
Over all ok.....But touch sensitive not up to the level . :(
not worth buying ordered twice didn't receive a single device which was ok.. both had dead pixels in the screen, and the touch was horrible even after updating with the fix which microsoft provided to fix the touch issue.
Best windows phone under ₹9000 it have all features ,touch is really very sensitive good to hold and excellent camera .if you thinking to buy windows phone under this range then this is the best and best amazon service
Am a happy customer. I got to shop on Jabong with a discount. Nevertheless, this phone's touch does give some trouble times. But that's okay, you will let go off it in the next moment for sure. Looks amazingly awesome!
This is awesome mobile but the piece i received has some defects like even if I'm disabling flash its getting generated before taking pic.. N some times i have to on flight mode n off it to get mobile data considered..
Seems like a good investment. However, it will take me some time to get familiar with all the features. It will help the users to have some easy to understand "tutorial" or "guide" from MS.
Received real fast with good quality packing. Phone performance is very good, both cameras are doing is pretty good job than a 13MPx Sony xperia camera. Fully satisfied with this phone and more than value for money.
Performance is good but during net surfing or call phone has heated otherwise look is nice with comfortable in carrying overall Lumia is good. If heating problem is solved by company then definatly I will 5 star.
Touch problem is major prblm... Typing msg is so irritating on this phone.video player was not showing all videos. No video player available on store mx player also not working.. Plz u known. Suggests me...
The build quality is good for a the price. The phone is not as slow as i thought it would be. Screen resolution is decent. The touch could still improve....its nothing to write home about. Overall a decent buy!
Value for money
Good phone really enjoy it. Just having some issue with d touch screen but I have gone through d forums windows it coming up with an update it will b resolved rest all it is the best fone u will ever find
Thanks Amazon.in for the quickest delivery.... without any charge n before estimated delivery......started using Lumia 535 soo far prob s onlly wit da touch.....but its light weighing n look s awesome
Delivery within 12 hours!! Hats off to amazon!! About the product, touch could have been better. But everything else is just awesome. Best phone for taking selfies! Go for it with your eyes closed!!
To everyone thinks Android better than windows .. Use this phone .. The 5mp camera will beat androids 13 mp camera. Their is no lag .. Battery is awesome . sometimes little slow in touch response
The keypad is very bad. Not comfortable with typing. Don't know it happens with my mobile only or to all the pieces. The battery also runs very less. Should be a bigger battery for better use.
This is awesome phone. However MS need to fix the bugs like issues in touch, in sending contact as a message, sending mail with attachment. Also lock screen is magnifiy if it is in my pocket.
For everyone who has problem of screen largening, goto settings > ease of access > turn off screen magnifying. This products rocks, do not rate 1 star for screen magnifying.
Review after using Lumia 535 for a month.. Phone is good. No drawback in this. Everything is working fine. Pros: performance, battery back up, Selfie camera make you feel good value for money. Everything is plus with this. I just want to put minus only here. Cons are: You can't expect 1. A nice headset. Headset is a normal one (if you love to listen music often you have to buy a better one) 2. USB cable is not provide in the box. Android OS users will face some difficulties in using this smartphone for very first time. Waiting for more OS and apps updates from Windows. Thank you Amazon & Microsoft, Viswesh.
Great,no hanging ,but heating a bit during charging,Lumia back over is loose fit on the back side of hearing speaker which disappoint me,otherwise its good.Recommend to all to switch to it.
its a nice phone under the budget of 8k. i have found some problem in its sound its audio quality is not up to the mark gaming experience is good graphics are awesome overall decent phone.
GOOD DEPENDABLE MOBILE CARRIES TAG OF BOTH MICROSOFT & NOKIA BRANDS R&D & MOST IMPORTANT SERVICE AFTER SALES.. HAVE TO GET ADJUSTED TO WINDOWS OS & APPS ON MOBILE - COMPARE TO ANDROID OS.
I bought this product for the brand, but i am facing huge trouble in Touch screen in this phone, very much dissapointed.. i strongly suggest not to buy this phone.. Microsoft F##KS...
Touch is not very smooth. Apps are not compatible to android phones for e.g. shareit is not functioning with android phones. But Microsoft Office is very good to use for official work.
Lumia 535 is nice and very reasonable product.. Very easy to carry with awesome features like Cortana and Nokia mix radio ..according to its price it's really good to have Windows 8.1
good product by microsoft, but i face touch & zooming problem! ! over all this phone is good & have better features with others like selfi camera, etc. funtion.
damn gud....
microsoft lumia is good but touch is disappointing.camera is good both front and back.candy crush saga is too slow while playing.
Nice phone, worth the price. My all issues of lagging, battery draining of android is history with this new phone. This offering from Microsoft meets needs and expectation.
Product is awesome. But in 1st day of use the touch seemed lil bit off, however as Microsoft promised, when i updated it's software then all worked perfectly......Great product.
Good phone to purchase, value worth, Battery Part Excellent.......,Primary Camara performance also good, But Screen restitution not Good, Primary Camara performance also good,
I bought this product a week ago. It is a perfect phone. The amazon packing was also good. And this product is cheapest in amazon. Best phone and best service combined! GOOD.
Outstanding phone. The best smartphone for this low price. Nice and thin, pretty smooth touch experience. It certainly worthy for the price.
I am upset. Internal memory is only 7.4. System memory takes 3.5gp. Touch screen problem. No service centre in my town. Memory card not supported. Totally I feel bad.
Sir,I orders 8GB internal storage lumia 535, but I got 4 GB internal memory device so please change my handset immediately otherwise lost my faith in your concern.
Product is good and orignal.All the function in mobile phone perforimg well.Value for money.NO doubt to purchase.Amazon alway provied a gud product and never cheat
BAD SCREEN TOUCH EXPERIENCE ,IT ALSO FAIL SCREEN TOUCH TEST. INCONVEINENT TO USE IN RAINY OR WET WEATHER SEASON .TOUCH DOES NOT WORK WHEN CONTACT WITH MOISTURE.
Brought this phone on the Republic day bargains. Opted for Microsoft for a change from Android based phones I have been using. After the initial 1 to 2 days of transition time, this phone feels great value for money. Excellent camera for a 5MP resolution, bright display, easy navigation are some of the strongest points. No visible lag in the speed or response from the phone. Cons are that it is constructed like a budget phone with plastic back and feels light. However, finish quality is excellent.
Excellent phone, absolutely no lag our hanging, touchscreen is a bit slow at times, otherwise excellent features, comes with gr8 apps, and a nice large screen.
worst phone , as soon as i opened and switched on , the screen is blank,please dont buy.I have already intiated for return.please d't buy from this seller....
Very nice, feature rich and budget phone. Delivered in less than 14 hours after placing order. Gentle delivery personnel and overall amazon service.
still they did not solve the touch problem.sometime touch not working erly.better to choose any android mobile.instead of buying these type of lumia mobiles.
This is the best Phone under 10000! Was fedup using Android. . . Best user Interface. However upgrades and functions of some major apps are better in Google store. Overall its good..You wont be dissapointed.
I bhought this phone on 1st april on the first day of usage itself the started heating, i returned it and got the refund Service 5 star , phone 1 star
good product. any once can buy blindly.
I have been using this mobile for last two months. Never got hanged till date. No touch issue. Battery lasts for 48 hours with normal use. Just loving it.
This thing gets hot while playing games or using internet , it hangs some times . The rear panel feels like a cheap one . The front camera is good .
This phone is awesome.No legging problem.This is the best phone by Microsoft and Lumia series.
Some time touch screen not working smoothly for this reason I give 4 star. Otherwise battery backup is very good and phone doesn't hang like android.
Product is nice, as stated in your add.statement. I have first-time purchased any product online. due to your excellent service I am pleased so much.
Handset is good; but touch problem not rectified yet. My mobile was manufactured on april 2015. Touch is not working at the time of battery charging
Charger is not working from first day
it is getting hanged almost every day
delivery timing was excellent... packaging was ok but should improve...specially for electronics items... phone was brand new and great condition...
Phone Ki y kami h Ki iski screen extra zoom Ho jati h...phir isko switch off karke restart karna padta h..or to phone acha h...good looking and nice
Microsoft is selling such awesome phone just at 8k, definitely you should buy this phone if you are in search of other Android phone of this range.
Nice phone. I used Android phone , after used of window phone. Good better than Android phone. Only some non popular app we can' t get in phone.
First day very good experience....only thing which I think will create issue soon in the inbuild memory being only 8 GB. Regards, Jayesh
It is easy to use windows phone.. But as of my knowledge, we can't use gmail and hangout (Google products) on this phone. It's quite desperate :(
Network connectivity of lease line for whatsapp is problem all other things awaesome
i liked this mobile so much. but when i measured the display it was just 4.4 inches. in shop it is 5.0 inches .i think amazon.in has cheated me.
This phone is good in camera ...... Looking good.. Best in class of windows I buy this in Rs-7500 But i like Android phones
Excellent budget phone. Will recommend to people who like taking selfie. Only problem is lot of finger print formation on the screen.
Pros: Value for money, most of games work with out issues, Day light camera good. Cons: Touch is not great. Camera is not good low lights.
In d Budget good smart phone!!! Front and rear camera are great! nice stylish look!! In-time delivery! good response from amazon care!!
I am a thief! I opened an account in this man's name and ordered a very expensive cell phone which is on its way to India! What a surprise!
everything's okay. just can't share any files via bluetooth. and can't even download xender for that purpose.... that's a thumbs down.
The mobile is brilliant but after purchasing of 10 days the mobile display suddenly gone black I have submitted the mobile to nokia centre
Been Using this Phone for 3 weeks. Its a decent phone at decent price. First I will tell the good things . 1- 5 inch screen at this price from a brand like Microsoft. Its display is good IPS LCD and automatic backlight and gives readablity in sunlight too. 2 - Battery life is always a USP for nokia so this also delivers good performance. 1950 mah battery gives power for 24 hrs. 3-Processor qualcomm snapdragon 1.2 Ghz quad core with 1 Gb Ram makes sure that nothing hangs and this is true that windows phones are optimized for there hardware so better performance like Apple does. 4- OS is updated to windows 8.1 Denim. This os has a lot of things similar to Android and IOS. New things like battery snese storage sense , data sense app are built in which comes in Handy. Separate file manager and bluetooth support is also nice things. 5- Live tiles look awesome and Background can be changed. Bad Things 1- Display angles are not wide and If you compare this display to other IPS panels it is little disappointing. 2- Processor is snapdragon 200 which is half power of snapdragon 400. 3- App store is a little less populated and Default browser is only IE. Other browsers like mozilla or chrome cant be installed. 4- If you have habit of using high end phones then You will feel touch less sensitive. My Verdict Go for it at this price No one gives so much features.
worst phone from microsoft. Poorest touch from any phone available in market. It reads the touh at other point from where we touch.
Amazon is bette than others &Microsoft Lumia 535 is a excellent phone when compared to other android phones it is easy to user friendly
The name Microsoft lumia 535 sounds good but the working is very bad . Bought with so much curiosity but the display went off after the phone was used for less than 8 hours . Only reason I bought this mobile because of name microsoft and also thinking the quality but it dint work . The most worst experience in my mobile usage of 10years. Hope the things will be better in coming days .
Not working properly...
A really very nice product made by Microsoft.it's very nice phone.it's camera is really awesome and also have not faced any problem.
Its not a good phone it is carrying a lot of issues like alot of applications can't installed in the phone so it is not worth buying
Product is awesome . too much slim but camera quality is not up to mark. Over all product is good. I will give 4.5 rating out of 5.0
All great features of windows phone 8.1 are available. Enjoy the dual sim advantage as well!
Piece is better but it is not able to connect to otg ,also don't have smooth touch.otherwise am satisfied with Microsoft lumia 535
The touch is good,looks excellent.only drawback battery life is too short Play a few games or use WhatsApp ur phone is dead..
Nice phone at this price. Camera quality is slightly low, have problem with touch while charging . Can play 720p videos.
its an okay phone... if they improved the display and the add the clear black dispplay technology, this will be a precious device.
One of the best phone available in market in this budget.. Worth every penny. Very suitable for a corporate professional like me.
Nice look and smooth user interface. Camera is not as good as it should be for a 5 mp camera does.no preinstalled games or app .
I bought this from first sell but i also sold cause is touch issue and low back camera resolution campared to other 5MP cameras.
It's surprisingly bad that the camera of the phone has no zoom option. It's not expected from Microsoft. Otherwise it's good.
Some software problems in this mobile soddenly extra zoom and total screen Cheng blue colour so mobile not working that time
Nice camera at this price tag. No lagging issues. Overall satisfactory but the screen resolution could be little bit higher.
The piece is doing well but for 2 major problems: (1) All of a sudden display of screensaver enlarges and needs a reboot to be used again; (2)Battery gets heated up very quickly that need rectification. Like it for the handy size, offering all mails, messages, address books in one place. Copy paste could more efficient while taking the matter from Whatsapp to Telegram.
1star less as it get heat up near the camera else. Its great....works fantasticly. No second thought. Just go for it. Must have been more better if it might have compass and carl zies lens too in it. Definately there is huge camera difference but stil not bad. Camera is fine but definately carl zies must have made it fabulous.
For those who are saying that the screen and font size are becoming too big. It is the screen magnifier. Its not a glitch. If you tap on the screen with two fingers simultaneously for 2 times, the screen gets magnified. To turn it off go to settingd-->Ease of Access-->turn screen magnifier OFF. Windows phones are awesome.
Nice phone & worth its price.
wasnt upto d expectations.. d display went bad in a month.. screen size is good but d rear camera quality isnt that upto d mark say..problem in touch..overall microsoft will have to do a hell lot of things if they want to catch up in the mobile phones market..they are seriously not expected to start with such a phone like lumia 535
i loved the set...its amazing....pics are superb....its a cam phone.....but i'm enjoying the os also better than anroid
All is well but missing Indian regional languages. Otherwise superb experience. Great work and looking for 640xl
Some of the options which are available in android phones are not available in window phones like auto call recording
A cool phone worth its money...nice batry bak up and no problems with the handset... Gud delivery by amazon...
Amazon has provided me this very beautiful handset, it is a good handset, must use this and better than Androids !!
Good phone. Great front and rear cameras. Great Sound. Looks stylish. Touch is not as good as that of other Lumias.
yup !! good phone fr the price !! Am using dis mob fr around 2.5 months and it works smooth. I loaded it wid 32gig samsung evo sdcard and installed abt 50% wid only games... n was surprised to see it work seamless without any lag. Pros. 1.Battery - Decent battery 2.Front cam - 5mp 3. Flawless Win8.1 interface 4. Cortana Cons. 1.Gets slightly heated up on long calls 2.inability to play or record videos higher to 480p 3.Main camera gives noise on low light when compared to secondary camera
Cool and comfy . Extremely good for the ones who hate android OS . Anyway the store has to be improved .
Works like a charm. Very fast and fluidic operation and no touch issues reported so far. Indeed a very good phone.
lot of issues with the screen as it enlarges on double tap even during the call(when it touches the cheek ) . The screen normally should black out when attending call and this doesnt happen.
A smart phone at this price! A SMART MAKEOVER FROM NOKIA TO WINDOWS! Though price is further reduced by Rs.600/-.
phone s very good.. but i had the touchscreen issue.. & my display went blank within one month.. feeling very bad
Not too good, but pretty good. Only issue is touch is not upto the mark and in camera zoom option is not there.
Very bed product Microsoft lumia 535 pholder nhi bna sakte ringtone set nhi kar sakte memory card se bad phone.
it is big and so the screen feels so lively with all the blacks and colors; its a gigt to my mom and is her first smart phone; she oves it although she put saibaba as the wallpaper instead of something funky; the touch was screwed up but is better after the software update
It is an awesome product, had been using for 1 month, no problems at all. Selfies are the best part i like...
Ya good but initially i had some files not closed issue again and again it was opened when i closed it now OK
Gud for those who like windows phone...has same features of Lumia 520....only difference is the front camera
This time I bought cell phone in online it's my first experience of electronic goods good product & service.
Good phone,under 9k,,,,sm1 say windws hv not so much app bt blv windows all app s are nice and importent too
It was a good phone for windows user but sometime it goes zoom tiles automatically and geting touch problem
Good service by amazon... the packing was proper and the device is also good... satisfied with the purchase
All features Are good .but only issue is that I has a networking Problem .not able to connect to all wifis.
Its a very descent device in this budget and am happy with the product and the service provided by amazon
I am using Microsoft lumia 535 since 1 month. Internet is very slow even in 3g mode, I have used aircel 3g network sims in both lumia 535 and samsung galaxy y, but internet very slow in lumia 535. Battery backup is also not good.. Front camera (5MP) is not up to the mark.
Bought this product on 06 02 2015, at 7999 it is a decent mobile, simple yet has got all your basic needs neatly built up. You may find some less priced models of other makes which are having better specs but brand has a place in my buying criteria and really it does function nicely. Yes, touch sensitivity is still an issue but rarely you can feel that, if you are a normal phone user this is the phone that you should buy. For me I am satisfied with the product, it has matched my needs that's it. If you want something better then next stop should be Moto G, because between Moto G and Microsoft Lumia 535 Dual every model is highly gimmick-ed and unnecessarily you pay those phones.
Good features battery back up is good camera quality superior delivery very fast l satisfied every terms
i purchased this phone as i was love windows phone. and windows with microsoft, name is like diamond in gold ring..... But unfortunately when i recieved the product, product was not as per standards , we expect from microsoft. Touch of Lumia 535 is not upto the standards of quality product. Sometimes touch was working, some times not...... Some times flickering was present in screen without touch. Worst touch in mobiles i have used uptill now.... Microsoft should recall all lumia 535 from market, only sell after improving the model.After all it is question of Name of Microsoft.
Excellent Window Phone with superb processor.ease of accessing apps. Settings little different than Android. Initially it looks confusing but with use, it seems to be ok. Value for money. On drawbacks - Micros0ft should provide data cable also. Amazon did some delay in delivery due to Aramex but its ok.
Mobile is good, but using windows is complicated. However, browsing experience is good in Lumia 535
Nice phone. Unique user interface and many exiting features like 5 megapixel camera on both sides.
Amazing I liked this phonewhich is in budget, and service of amazon is amazingg loved it .........
One of the best product in recent time. At this cost u'll never get such great specs. Go for it..
i use this mobile as only 15 days and i find to much problem with this set and after 15 days my screen is compleately black and having no display and also having mobile service center problem. So i recommend not to buy this product.
Microsoft Solved Issues of Touch and Zoom. Really It's Specification is Good at this Price.
Mobile just met expectations. Amazon delievery was superb as i received this product in a day...
In their bid to reduce cost, Microsoft has compromised on quality on more than one counts. No additional benefits with respect to similar models of Lumia before it. Some of the big cons are: 1. BAD touchscreen: becomes unresponsive very frequently, while typing keys way beyond the area you touched are activated, touch a key once and it stays 'pressed' - I have been locked out so many times because when I press the first character in my security code, it repeatedly takes that only as an input, thus invalidating the code 2. Unreliable hardware: Camera flash, proximity sensor malfunction repeatedly, even after repairs. Every time you take a call, you end up pressing hold or mute or speaker with your face. 3. Lack of good apps: Always the problem with Windows Phone, not addressed in 8.1 also 4. Poor service: Nokia staff handling this phone have just one solution for everything - factory reset Also, all these within 3 months of purchase. Highly disappointed by the quality and performance. Will switch to an Android very soon.
Awesome phone in 8k price...no hanging ....supporting all the x box games ....simply superb...
Good and worth the money. Charging extra for colours couldn't be reasoned. Touch screen is ok.
i am planning to buy a microsoft lumia 535 phone,but this phone good or what i want to know ??
nice phone. gifted to mum. though not good for playing games as touch is not very supportive.
touch is not good........hanging many time.net speed is to slow........plz tel us what to do?
Its an amazing smartphone!The configuration you get at this price is great. You cannot compare any other smartphone at this price range with this phone. It stands at the top of the crowd with a brilliant built quality and display. The camera is quite good but I think that Microsoft should have given a 8mp rear camera and a 2mp front camera instead of a 5/5 mp camera as a rear cam is more needed than a front cam. but, undoubtedly the camera quality is good. I have not experianced any lagging issue with the phone and the battery is awsome. But, yes i have faced some touch-screen issues like zooming & panning. But, as promised by microsoft that they will soon give an update that will fix these minor issues, i am sure that these problems will be solved. I am really glad on choosing this superb phone, hope you will also find this product as amazing as i have found. This phone is the no. 1 choice.BELIEVE ME.
I love this mobile set. i am very proud for buying this mobile set in online amazone site.
genunie productsssss
Hey this OS is still in its early stages and not all applications are available for 8.1 or are not as good as iOS or Android counterparts. So if you wish for a full fledged phone with flawless working design then this might not be the phone. If you are ok with experimenting and waiting to grow along with the os then go for it. Fyi - the phone doesnt have google apps, because MS developed them but Google forced them to be pulled down.
Technically, the phone is good because of its build quality, camera, look, Windows GUI. But unfortunately the difficulties overcame the good qualities. After using android I feel so much restricted in Windows OS. Pros : 1. Good hardware quality. 2. Nice GUI 3. A very good front camera. 4. Good rear camera. Cons : 1. You cannot zoom while taking photos 2. Showing "Sorry we can't play this file on your phone, error code 80070002" while playing some songs. 3. Multi touch problem. 4. Touch problem while showing/hiding navigation bar 5. You cannot keep it switched off while charging, it will automatically wake up. and many more.... I am not blaming Microsoft for this device. After using this phone for two weeks I have decided to return this. I will not recommend any windows phone to any of my friends.
worst phone ... it gets warm just after 1 hour of use ,,,, :( screen also not clear
automatic display gets zoomed and phone gets heated within a short time while calling...
Configuration and Features wise this phone is good. But it has one and only major problem is touch sensitivity. It's touch sensitivity is not at all good. If we compare this with other it's too bad.
This is my second lumia 535 purchase from amazon but both of them have a camera problem
this MOBILE is nice . its way out other MOBILES . i think you alaways buy this MOBILES.
what is the diffirent between android and windows operating system.And what is windows
It is Okay , but Not I excepted with the mark.So i returned it . and went for 1 Plus.
touch was not good. the screen gets zoom usually ram. camera are satisfying
Touch in my device not working smoothly. Please visit store experience then purchase.
the screen of the phone automatically gets zoomed everyday it happens since m using it. i have to switch off the phone by removing battery & start it again. the touch is not that good.
Good phone but with 3 major defect: 1. A very nice phone for its price. The major defect in this phone is that after you open an app lets say a game and then you want to go back or to the home screen, you can't. You have to restart the phone in order to go to the home screen every time. The other defect is the camera. 2. The flashlight only works with the torch app. It never works when clicking a picture or making a video. Also unlike other smartphones, it does not have a zoom option in camera nor does the zoom is there when viewing the pics taken.. 3.Lastly, it did sync all the contacts info from my Microsoft pre-existing account with my previous windows phone, however it didn't sync any music, audio, video files and the ringtones and personal word or excel documents saved on windows cloud.
touch has some issues.... camera does not having zoom option.... look n feel is good
Touch is very bad, even I have latest update in my phone. I want return if possible
not upto the mark, my expectation is soo high but the mobile performance is too low
scope for 5 star if you make easy operating. Thanks professor Jenish Modi
Phone is awesome in running...Absolute great smartphone...Hands Up to Microsoft....
It is available for Rs 8500 in retail store and it is the best budget phone buy it.
m having problem in touch and while charging the phone it becomes just too much :/
Very good phone from Microsoft. I bought this one for my Mom and she is loving it.
Very Good ..... speedy performance... But touch has some defect ......
Touch sensitivity is very bad... Primary camera won't have a zoom option...
Best Products with fast shipping... :) I got my phone in just 48 hours...
Back cover is not of orange colour but in the online order it is orange colour.
Amazone is good but phone is not up to the mark Phone 3/5 Amazon 4/5
i am not satisfied with this product...sometimes touch is not working properly...Is there any possibility to return my phone
Truly amazing ...microsoft lumia 535 High speed & awesome display quality
its a amazing phne..worth buying...totall paisa vasool..its value for money...
I hate this phone
Using this phone for 3 days. No issues till now. Excellent phone in this price range for persons who don't like Android. I have been a Lumia fan for a long time and this phone did not disappoint me. Wish it would have camera zoom while taking PICs. Screen size and clarity is good. Touch response is as expected. Overall a nice buy.
Nice product At A Very Great Price And Also A Very Great Service From Amazon
Good Phone. Camera is really good with great quality. Nice budgeted phone...
handset is very resonable price ,i love orange colour, touch response is very nice,u can buy it blindly no dought, processor speed is also nice and 1 gb ram
Product is not up to the mark. There is no zoom option available.only fixed focus option is available. Compared with features product cost is high
After using Android for 4 years i chosen to go for Windows phone. Trust me windows phones are really SUPERB!.....Very user friendly and fast(Far better then androids). And Windows is also having lots of apps now. I used Microsoft Lumia 535 which is really super great phone for daily use. Best part is Display, Size, Camera and off-course Windows OS, Speed and Windows apps. I realized that using apps in windows is very easy, easy to install and remove(Very simple). Earlier Dual sim phone from noika were not that good, but this one is really very very nice. Super speaker with great sound.....JUST GO FOR IT....!!!!!
Bought this phone on very first day when it is launched in India. Phone is just rocking in performance no lagging like android. Great move by microsoft. overall the phone is worth for at this price tag.
A very good phone at below 10 k price tag,fully satisfied with my purchase
very good product with the best price.. i have satisfied buy this mobile.
Very good service by Amazon and also it is a very good device to purchase
How to Receive files from other phones through wi fi? Phone not bad
its hangs minimum twice a day and vibrates automatically.. not advisable
This is an amazing product. So smooth and elegant. I just love it.......
It was mainly touch problem. I can't expect, facing with touch problem.
very quick service by amazon. the product which we looking for is great
best mobile i loved it its camera and features are powefull and amazing
ecellent .......product from microsoft in good price go for it........
It seems DEFECTIVE model I need to restart my phone 10-15 times in day
Super...awesome
Good phone and excellent service, battery backup need to be enhanced.
it is hard to use as compare to android. it has some network problem.
Complicated to use as App store for windows have very little options
Perfect budget phone for the Indian market. Keep doing it Microsoft.
I purchased lumia535 from a retail store in trivandrum for rs 9000/.with out doubt one can say this is a budget windows 8.1 phone with allmost all the good ness of windows phone.good front camera, robust body,good display&with latest windows version.I used to do with android.for a change i switched to windows which i i think worthwhile.Sound from speaker is very feeble,but from ear phone is excellent PROS;good build quality,good front camera,nice display CONS;bad battery back up(hardely last half a day of medium use)over heating near rear camera Hoping microsft wiil rectify problems with new updates 0
Camera Quality very bad, battery also week, not recommended to buy.
Awasome Phone Ever Great Phone Which i need Now My Dream Becomes True My First Mobile Phone Which i Buy With My Money
Cameras are good Battery is ok Touch screen is not good.
It is a very good looking, fast phone. It is worth buying.........
A new product from Microsoft looking at the real need from people
Don't go for this one. I got this mobile on Dec17 for Rs.9699 in Amazon. The pixel density is low. So it looks like some local brand mobile. The touch is not responding now. I am not able to return this product, since it crossed 13 days already. This should be the first and worst failure model from Microsoft. Since we can't give ZERO star, giving one star. Anybody can suggest me how I can make the touch to responsive?
Nice product, value for money, and thanks amazon for great offer
It is very senstive phone. gets applications open automatically
In microsoft this product was aasome. the display size is good.
had many issues in its touch so returned it as soon as i got ot
nice phone one should buy this phone without any second thought
worst mobile my mobile hanging on 1 st day dont buy in amazon
A really "Smart" move by Microsoft, a very good Mobile. I may not use all features but Office is a great bundled offering with 15 GB Cloud space. I bought it 10 days back there is an issue which is present in most smart phones, the claims about battery are outlandish, same here, I have to constantly charge it. The 2 sim facility is good for executives like us who have seperate office and personal SIMs. This one works smoothly, after all it is a Windows phone. I give it 4 star due to battery problem yet I strongly recommend it
If you wish to buy Windows phone, go for it... coz, Moto E has better specification than this, cheaper than this..
Very good  product. Value for money. Amazon timely delivery.
Touch and screen is not up there with models like 630 and 730.
Very worst phone I am ever using lots of mobile hanging issue.
It's a fantastic mobile, worthy but little problem with touch
It is very Smart and attractive and very simple to handle it.
In that after watching the photos coming to back is difficult
very nice phone. i love it a lot. battery backup is very good
Good build quality but will take time to get used to software
good piece..... but heating on continuous usage for long time
out standing mobile of this range ... BETTER than android ...
Stopped working after a fortnight. No response to a feedback!
it really nice and im liking it more and more day by day...
great deal, got it for 7980 compared to other cheapest 8200
The Microsoft Lumia 535 is the handset I have been waiting for. It is within my budget and has all the features that I wanted on it. It has great 5 MP front camera for selfies and it also came with wide angle lens so that the selfies I click are wider and has a bigger portion of the background within the frame. The handset also allows high quality Skype video calls. The 5 inches IPS LCD screen is apt for such features. The functioning of the handset is smooth and doesn’t get stuck midway. Thanks to it’s quad core processor and the 1 GB RAM. Apart from the Skype
Given the legacy of Nokia it has, this phone has met all expectations that one can have from a value-for-money phone. I have been ardent lover of Android but lately I have observed that all android phones lose performance in sometime and then thought of using Windows OS now. It has been couple of days since I'm using this phone and till now I've not encountered any issues. Off course, the mail App needs can be improved to at least reach near the standards of that in Android and iOS.
Reasonable features in this phone for this cost. I like it
Sometimes it becomes Hangs Bluetooth is not satisfied
Good for windows users bt automatically zooming the screen
Not good at all. I used it... its yaak.. touch quality is like horrible. Only good thing s camera. Phone used to heated up like anything. .. i would suggest don't go for lumia 535.
Its touch sucks,i mean is microsoft have care about his reputation,its first phonne having touch problem,everything is good but touch sucks,trust me you dont waana buy this if you have seen how worse is touch,microsoft said that an update is coming but when???i dont think that microsoft can handle mobiles,i bought this pone due to microsoft phone but this disappointed me very much.i am only saying my friends to never buy another mobile from microsoft,their reputation is becoming bad but they dont care,its custmore care is also fraud,first when i called they told me to give them my imei no. So they can send me update ,they said only selected mobiles gonna get update for touch problem then almost my balance finnished then again after sometime i called and lady told me that no sir we have nothing to do with imei no.,what is this microsoft
Exactly as per the specs. Satisfied with the product
good exp so far.. happy with the product. would recommend
Supperb mobile by Microsoft.. fantastic for selfie... ;-)
So far so. good. Minor issues there but. Solve ble..
Great phone at great price ..except for battery backup !!
Great piece. Awesome delivery (within two days). How
I bought this phone 1 month back form a shop near by The product is very good .it never gets heated up .it never get stuck and battery is wonderful it gives almost 1 to 2 days of battery life even if we use WIFI And windows 8.1 is just great over all I am fully satisfied
The product i get is dqqaqmaged at the time of delievery
The product that was sent seems to be a used one. The date was Dec 2014. The box was old. Bsttery charge does not stay long. Drains very fast, may be used battery. I went to a nearby retail mobile shop. They had a brand new set of Feb 2015. Price was not too different may be RS. 300 extra. But better quality, latest updated OS and they provide free screen guard at the retail shop as well as 8 GB memory card. All in all a bad experience.
I Used this phone for one month and I am sharing the experience. Cons: 1:The built quality is not good as Nokia Lumia Phones. 2:This phone comes with Bug (Touch Issue).even after updating as Microsoft said that the issue will be resolve after installing the latest update but that issue wont resolve. 3: It get Heat so soon when we do browsing and multitasking. 4: some time this screen get automatically zoom when phone is idle or in your pocket. That time you have to Reboot the phone. 5: I installed my fav game "Beach buggy Racing" (which run very smooth in Lumia 520) , I was shocked the touch was not working at all in game. 6: RAM is 1 GB but the processor is very cheap snapdragon 200 atleast it should have snapdragon 400 processor.
there is a lil touch prblm, otherwise is a good phone..
I have received wrong product. I am not happy with this
Rear camera is not good .... dose not work is Properly
internet not working properly.apps for window too less.
Not satisfied with lumia. Compare with Android mobiles.
I HAD ORDERED THIS PHONE ON SNAPDEAL,ELIVERY WAS WELL IN TIME,BUT WHEN I NOTICED THE DEVICE CLOSELY THERE WAS A THIN RED COLOURED HORIZONTAL PARTITION LINE IN THE MIDDLE OF THE SCREEN, I GOT IT REPLACED BY A NEW ONE.BUT TO MY SURPRISE AFTER USING IT FOR HARDLY 3-4 HRS, THERE WAS SOME PROBLEM WITH THE DISPLAY AND IT GOT COMPLETELY BLANK.BOTH THE DEVICES TURNED OUT TO BE DEFECTIVE SO I WAS REALLY DISAPPOINTED AND THANKED SNAPDEAL FOR REFUNDING MY MONEY.
Pros:- 5" IPS display of qHD (540 x 960 px) resolution, Gorilla Glass 3 1.2 GHz quad-core Cortex-A7 CPU, Adreno 302 GPU, Snapdragon 200 chipset, 1GB of RAM Dual SIM with dual standby Windows Phone 8.1 with Lumia Denim 5MP autofocus camera with 480p video recording @30fps 5MP front-facing camera 8GB of inbuilt storage, microSD card slot, up to 128GB Free worldwide voice-guided navigation with HERE Drive+ 15GB of free OneDrive storage FM Radio 1,905mAh Li-Ion battery Cons:- The screen has low pixel density (not awfully visible, to be fair) No Glance screen Low battery capacity, especially for a dual SIM smartphone Low-res video recording
Awesome phone, slim body, good touch screen and camera
Mobile is good but problem arises with battery backup.
the phone volume is very less but other option is good
good one tach have some times proplem, worth for money
Excellent products and Amazon is the best in dealent.
Screen zooms in. Need to switch off and on to restore
I bought it for 7500. There is no touch issues.
camera and features is great. but touch is not good.
TOUCH SCREEN PROBLEM AND NOT RECORDING VIDEOS IN HD
the product and the time bound delivery both rocked
Delivered very fast and we loved the mobile as well
there is no problem with phone ... perfect phone...
batter life osweam...but sone problm in touch panel
Value to Money. Good Product. Nice job Amazon.in!!
it's really amazing and superb mobile. go for it.
really hated its display camera and battery life.
Touchscreen problem.....MS brand lost reliability
nice phone. Using it for a month now. Works fine.
dont listen any one words just go for it ...
Nice Mobile with great features. Only flaw is missing Zoom option in camera.
Major touchscreen issues! Using it since 5 months, No fix yet!! -Most of the times its hypersensitive. -If your hands are moist, the screen will go crazy and auto click on its own! -The contrast ratio of the screen is the worst, colours are looking washed out. -Worst product from Microsoft -Give my money back Microsoft!! WILL NEVER BUY LUMIA AGAIN!
Best phone at this price , good for nokia lover.
All are good, but problem in 3G connection in SIM SLOT 1 & battery problem
Excellent phone. V satisfied with the purchase.
Excellent phone... Best price to value features
An amazing phone at an entry level price. Decent camera and phone performance. Windows 8 looks more optimised for the Microsoft phone as compared to Lumia's (Nokia). 8 GB internal memory limits the phone but one can put a Class 10 SD card which does not let the phone performance get affected due to external storage. Much better than Samsung's, Xiamoi's etc
very good
Excellent
phone features superb but not get usb cable
Good Product Best Rate Best Service
This phone has serious touch-screen issues - I googled and it appears to be a know issues and Microsoft has not been able to figure it out. Latest update was supposed to fix it but that didn't happen. DON'T BUY unless you want to send accidental messages all the time to unintended recipients or spend lot of time in fixing the garbage it types.
Touching problem very poor quality phone. 
its look is good, but not at all user friendly. touch screen is jumbling too much. U require a long study class to get used to it. by that time a new version may come. considering the cost, it may not be wise to return it. may have antique value after some years.there is hanging problem also. touch screen is too much sensitive
Superb Mobile n Good Service from Amazon 
nice phone within my budjet with good spec.
Using this from last 3 month so far so good
Ausum product lumia 635 at affordable price
Ok..... for low budget peoples............
Waste phone. Getting heated like anything.
Not good
Not completely satisfied though...... It definitely is not as smooth as other lumia devices. Pretty good for normal usage though... Issues regarding touch sensitivity still persists. A pretty decent screen makes it up though....I woudn't want it to be larger A 5 inch screen is perfect
Nice performance good touch support super
Over heat generation & poor touch quality
very good mobile. you can buy it....
Phone hanged thrice already in one month.
AWESOME  PHONE.. HAS EVERYTHING IN IT..
Good one. Data cable not included in box.
Awesome product. It met my expectations.
Superb....bt to ensure touch sensitivity
Nice phone..but the delivery to too late
don't go for this. The worst thing about it is its touch. Worst phone ever.
Its very good product as per the price.
upto the mark and the best at that cost
this phone is simply superb at this price....the only problem with the phone is with the touch...the multi touch of the phone is not up to the mark of other lumia devices...except this, all other features are just best than any other brand cellphone.....Best phone at this price...
Lumia 535 DS has all the features any normal user would expect. Phone display, resolution, IPS screen, touch quality, camera (front & primary with flash) are very good. .Affordable and has all the feature that a phone costing over Rs 20000/-.Value for money. However this phone is Not meant for serious gamers.Buyers must first do an denim update to ensure the phone function well.
Super Mobile. Worth its money....
Really its too good.......i jst luv it
Sensitivity issue problem pls solve it
data cable not there inside the box...
Worst phone , poor bettery performance
Touch screen sense is not that good..
meet my expectations. value for money
it is good product in its price range
All these features appear too good... exellent mobile phone on this price and.
very good mobile i have used before..
All is well with this phone but its camera could have been a touch better. Lumia is famous for its good camera, but there are other companies bringing a better camera than this in the same price range. Its not just the mega pixels (though 8 MPixels would have been a great plus ;) ) but the image processing is also mediocre, hence only three stars.
Awesome product at this price range.
very nice phone by microsoft thanks
Packing quality should be improved.
All features are good except camera
Touchscreen issues,Lagging problem
Awesome phone....at this range
Phone has below normal performance
its best windows phone in low cost
Good product. Value for money
Nice and affordable Windows phone.
Nice Product. No problems at all.
It is heated at the time net use.
Excellent phone and fast delivery
Perfect service... Awesome mobile
Exellent smartphone by microsoft.
Nice budget Phone...Thanks Amazon
Awesome Phone within anyone budget... Both Camera result is awesome.. Smoothly works and No Hang problem... The only problem is it got Heat everytime even I use for 2 or 3 Mins. Otherwise all and all good phone
what more you can get for 7199/-
superb phone.nice dealer to deal
Amezing phone no any touch issue
It Good but battery span is poor
Build quality is not that great.
Very very disappointed to buy Lumia 535. After touch issue was solved by software update now having overheating problem. It heats up after only 10 min of net or game. Even while writing its getting very hot.
Good mobile but app not support
can improve with camera clarity
Good smartphone. Worth of cost
The Software is not up to the Mark It does not have any zooming facility Does not have any awesome facility Within this range u can have some other branded phone with lots of feature
Nice all is good in this range
Very good and affordable phone
Excellent phone for this price
Very Nice Phone Microsoft....
excellent phone from microsoft
good mobile worh for this cost
Touch screen is very poor Some time I disappoint and angry because screen not respond Only two stars I will give When touch is not working phone become plastic KA DABBA
Nice product... I liked it...
Yaahh i really like it.......
Very good phone for the price
Till now it's working fine 
Nice one..different features.
Good product for this price..
excellent phone at good price
nice product thank u very much amazon
Lumia 535... A pretty decent phone. It's actually underrated. The camera, though 5mp, shoots some real great stuffs. The front facing 5mp camera... Well, there is no need to talk about it. It's perfect. Better than most front facing cameras in market. The inbuilt and expandable memory, shipping with the snapdragon chipset, and 1Gb ram makes the phone the best product to buy below 10k. And its a Microsoft product! So the phone life will be at least 3 years from now. Not like android of Samsung or any other company. No matter what android you but, it lasts around max 2 years. Build quality is very good. And people talking about the touch problem, yes, agreed. There is one problem. The touch doesn't work properly sometimes. But its a software problem. Currently the update that solves the problem is out. So update the phone. And the problem about zoom, crazy stupid people, they don't even know its not a problem! It's a feature! If you double tap on the screen with two fingers, the screen magnifies. Wherever in the phone you are, it magnifies. To turn this feature off, just go to ease of access in settings and turn this feature off. It's a phone worth buying. Trust me.
Overall the product is good. And the price the also reasonable as compared to other online seller. 1) Speaker of the phone is worst while on call. Also one strange problem, I am observing that when I switch on the speaker , call quality get reduced, I have observed that it automatically goes to hold, after that call dropped. This is my under observation, I hope I should not go to service center for this. I do not understand that why they have compromised on speaker quality, because if you have to talk for long, it is good to switch on the speaker, but the call will be dropped in this phone. 2) The front camera and back camera both are good enough at this price. 3) Touch is very fast and better than android phone. 4) I wrote this review on 19th Apr, and on 28th apr , my mobile display stoped working. And Amazon does not have replacement policy after 10 days. I went to Nokia Service center, they told display has gone and sent to mobile to delhi and I told me I will get my mobile after 25 days. This worst product I recevied by Amazon.
I bought 535 a month back from amazon... i jus went ahead on the name of MICROSOFT & as i always wanted to use LUMIA... facing several touch related issues right frm day one...went to care & upgraded the OS..sum solved.. sum still bugging.. 1)screen lock doesn't work well.. camera automatically opens up in lock mode.. i activated passwordlock,...still problem exists sumtimes, wen i am driving & my phone is in my pant pockets 2)In call...when it touches the cheek,the screen automatically does operates sumthing on its own...lol.. donno wat to do 4 this :( 3)swipe to type option is a complete failure & i end up typing zunk... even normal msg typing is also a big headache... all blunders 4)how to add tracks to a playlist? no option after creating a new playlist 5)Unable to download attachments frm my gmail.. touch not at all identifying those attachments :( 6)Inspite of "wifi sense" is on... it doesn't identify saved wifi spots automatically & connect to them... this happens especially wen i am going out of tat wifi spot for long tym.. like 8-10hrs and cmng back to tat... i am doing it manually after cmng bak frm office to my home everytym :( 7)Not displaying time in watermark mode wen the phone is locked & black display appears... like all other LUMIA models display 8)Not displaying the battery % on the home screen These are the concerns i am facing... Can anyone pls show sum resolution on these ... TIA
Purchased from a local store at 8700/. It heated up in my hand there itself in one minute use. The vendor told me it will be solved with a software update. I trusted him and purchased it. He was right. It solved almost all problems of the phone. Good performance,. After using Android for five years and getting used to them, lumia was a pleasant break for me. I have only one grouse against it. Zoom does not work in the lumia camera. You need to download another application for the zoom to work. ('One shot' is one such programme). Even then, zooming fills the screen with pixels. Otherwise the camera is good. The best thing about the phone is is front facing camera. It's a wonderful selfie camera. Battery drains fast until it reaches 80% and then takes time to drain :). Lasts one full day with moderate usage. I like it's design and believe me I also liked lumia 8.1 denim update. It is very much pleasing to the eye. Not a perfect phone, but at this price this is too good. You will not be disappointed. Recommended strongly.
Cons: Battery drain when using 3G for long times. Difficult to type if you used 520 with swipe keyboard. Swipe seems to be slower than 520 one. Feels long in hands. No flash in front camera (my friend's problem!) Pros: Use 2G and you get 1.5 days battery. Large screen for viewing movie. Display seems to be well inside a glass which adds protection from accidental damage. Great flash, can use it as a flash light too and strobe light. Great calling and messaging interface because of its simplicity at tiring times! Over all a good buy where you get a great package  of Microsoft Windows 8.1 features and you can expect Windows 10 phone OS to be more feature rich than 8.1. Apps like fb WhatsApp no problems/ hanging. I've subscribed for dev preview to get w10 early hoping more experience. I use Cortana for news on topic of my interests. She doesn't disappoint you at all. Audio equaliser is one of the reason I bought this one, so you can be assured of customized music with earphones (I use music app 75% of total phone usage time, never lets me down). FM is very good than 520s reception. 5MP camera on both sides are great and sometimes I use it as a mirror.
NICE PRODUCT VALUE FOR MONEY
what i want there its filled
Phone is awesome. I like it.
Very Gud service and device.
A good Phone worth the value
worst product i ever seen...
did not meet my expectations
worst phone, Don't go for it
perfect for the price quoted
Nice mobile and good service
The charger which came with this mobile is not up to the standard.Charges at a very low speed and the length of charging wire is too small. Fed up of charging the mobile..
Excellent as all lumias go!
Good response by amazon.5 *
Nice phone from Microsoft..
Good phone and fast shiping
As a new smartphone user, I found it good but returned item due to heating problem. It heats up lot at from front top side even if we run skype call or play games.
Pros: 1) Cortana, the voice assistance is amazing. there is wide range of things that you can do just by talking to cortana. 2) the configuration is way too much for this phone, never freezes or hangs. 3) you never have to worry about losing data as everything syncs to cloud.(except large file saved on memory cards like videos, music etc) 4) you can sync all your windows devices with this phone. 5) battery life is far better than any android phone.6) very good front and back camera (both 5 MP). 7) excellent Lumia apps for photo editing 8) office preinstalled, so u can work on your document hassle free. 9) if u need to scan a receipt or any id etc, office lens does that just using the camera.10) dual sim. Cons: 1) touch is a little sloppy and gets sloppier if there's any moisture in ur fingers or dust on screen. 2) sim1 slot loses network easily if the signal is little poor, where as other phones in the range maintains network.3) navigation system doesn't have a compass, so it uses your displacement to analyze which way you are going.this sucks in poor internet situations. 4) the earphone is very poor.
Nice mobile for this cost.
AS Expected and as Shown !
Very nice and awesome phone.. By this product i believe that Microsoft is gonna rule Indian mobile market in coming year.. But the minus is, I was expecting for Cyan device but sadly its not launching in India.. Guys try to launch Cyan...
Purchased on 8-Dec-2014, writing review on 11-Dec-2014. Previously used Android phones and Nokia Lumia 520. Indeed a very good phone for its price and in its segment. I am currently using single deactivated sim in it. Touch is good but not as good as of Lumia 520 or Lumia 730. Same applies for display and battery. Having said that, all touch, display and battery are in no way bad. High resolution videos look good with decent colors (dont expect it to look like Lumia 730/830 which are much costlier). Battery lasts 1 day with 100% wifi on, net surfing, some music listening, social networking, some software updates/installs, some gaming etc. No heating problem and hangs for me. But yes, at some points it feels bit slower than Lumia 520/730. Back cover feels too cheap and needs some backup in the form of some solid back cover. Screen does catch finger prints. Black color back panel is NOT glossy as is Orange and Green, but still catches some finger prints. Loud speaker / ringer sound is loud enough for day-to-day use, but not too loud. Cameras have already been talked about a lot. I find them satisfactory to my usage. Tap to wake-up is a very handy feature, and believe me its just one of many good features which Windows Phone 8.1 gives, another one being changing lock screen background randomly with our Facebook photo albums. Cortana is decent, though still evolving, but can perform simple functions easily. Hidden navigation buttons need some time to adjust with, but we get option to keep them visible all the time. For me, I have become used to hide/unhide them quickly. Setting up mail / social network accounts etc is damn easy and quick. Overall, having used Android for more than 2 years, and Windows Phone OS for more than one year now, I can confidently is way better than Android for non-developers/normal users who want the phone just for simplicity.
It is not good as per expectations Touch screen is not goood Mobile is switched off sometimes automatically Sensitivity is so complicated
nice mobile...easy to use
good phone, fast delivery
stopped working in 5 days
The Lumia 535 is the first Windows Phone handset from Microsoft to not feature the Nokia branding. The Lumia 535 looks similar to Lumia 530, complete with rounded corners and a changeable coloured back cover that wraps around the phone.The phone doesn't feature capacitive navigation keys. It sports a 5-inch qHD (960x540p, 220ppi) IPS LCD display with Corning Gorilla Glass 3 for protection against scratches..which comes with sunlight readability enhancements and turning it on slightly improves under sun readability but its reflective nature is a big dampener. The display also lacks the ClearBlack technology found in the Lumia 630 making blacks look grey-ish. The biggest flaw is touch panel wasn't responsive most of the time. At times it failed to register taps. The Lumia 535 comes with a 5MP front camera for selfie lovers. The phone's camera has 24mm focal length, f/2.4 aperture and wide-angle capabilities, making it the most well equipped camera unit at this price point. Photos taken with the selfie camera show mostly natural colours, details are sufficient and more than what we have seen in any front camera shot at this price..The 5mp rear camera with flash was decent too. The quality of still images shot in abundant light was pretty good, with decent amount of detail, accurate colour reproduction and good contrast. Low light images lacked detail. To those who say the phone has just 1GB Ram need to know that Windows uses far less Ram when compared to Android..Hence its more than sufficient. Go for it only if you are a selfie Lover.
Its hanging so many times
phone is very excellent.
Bought this phone yesterday...goog phoneat this price with one of the best camera in its class . Can play videos upto 720 p which actually looks amazing .
Just amazing. Camera is incredible and there is no problem with the display as the others said in their reviews. You should off the magnifier.
Android sets have many more fearures compared to windows 8.1 os. The main drawbaxk of this os is, that you cannot mark and select everything to share via bluetooth, you have to sent it one at a time. Many video formats not supported (mkv, rmvb, mpeg-4), when I went to the service center to rectify the problem, they simply told me YOU HAVE TO WAIT FOR THE NEXT UPDATE TO SEE THOSE VIDEOS. Which means I now have to wait for a year for the next os update. I am selling my Lumia. PLEASE OPT FOR ANDROID PHONES GUYS. NEVER BUY WINDOWS. Moreover Microsoft has very bad service reputation compared to LG, SAMSUNG, SONY HTC. It Sucks. I have used both Android and Windows, and I am speaking From my experence. My freands would show off their features to me, and I would just say. My phone dosent have these features.
Value for money phone .
Nice one from Microsoft
Phone was really fine..
Awesome phone, if anyone wish to bought a smartphone below 9k with amazing specification blindly trust and buy Microsoft Lumia 535...
Microsoft Lumia 535 is a very popular phone just like Lumia 520 is. This is a great budget phone and comes with enough features to make me happy. I'm using it for last 2 months and phone doesn't lag, not even once so far. Some people have complaine dabout the touch issue but I guess it is fixed by the software update as I didn't face any such issue. Front camera is also 5 MP I'm able to take some good pictures, selfies with it. Overall, I'm very happy with my phone. It has 1 GB of RAM, bigger screen size, good processor, dual SIM. But the best surprise for me was Windows 8.1, wow it is so smooth and just feels like butter. It looks so beautiful, the tiles and we can change the colous as per our liking, feels like a new phone after it.
It's good and worthy .
S*** omg lumia 535 was not good, apps crashing touch very bad very disappointing phone very disappointed with Microsoft
Very good phone but there is issue with services , my phone have screen issue and for nokia care not have good resonance
Good but tuch problem
It's amazing phone...
Its a Dud,don't ever think of buying it,really doubt about specification of phone mentioned by Microsoft as performance of the phone does not even stand close to its specs,contacted Microsoft about this disastrous product,they responded by giving me their Nokia service centre information,which was of no use as the product does not have manufacturing fault but a Manufacturing disaster. TOUCH of phone is pathetic,even after upgrading to their denim upgrade...Really feel cheated with my hard earned money .STAY AWAY FROM LUMIA 535 ITS A COMPLETE DISASTROUS PRODUCT.
I was using samsung galaxy s2 before, and i purchased this lumia 535,initially there was a problem with touch but with update it got solved, Now it feels to me way better than my samsung galaxy s2 ,better battary life(more than a day with GPS and 3G on) reasonably good performance,never phone gets stuck(so as to restart it like my s2) lot of good features,i liked the pin to start feature in windows os ,an awesome feature where you can pin absolutely anything to the start menu(pinned some whatsapp contacts and some twitter lists to start so to message them and go to the list in one click),above all this phone comes at around 8k vs my galaxy s2 which i purchased for 26k way back in 2012.
I am utterly frustrated with the product. It is a defective piece. The calls get dropped or goes to speaker or becomes mute at its sweet will. The touchpad is defective. In less than one month from its purchase, I have got it repaired twice from Nokia Care Center at Vashi, Navi Mumbai. However the problems have not been satisfactorily redressed. I am also not happy with amazon.in because there is no customer care phone number or email id where you can lodge your complaint. You can only write public reviews which I was adverse to, because public review is not equivalent to lodging a complaint. amazon.in does not have any obligation to respond to a public review or to redress it.
Great User interface. Looks similar to Win 8 screen. Very easy to integrate with Gmail, live and MS exchange. Office products like word,excel, power point are inbuilt. Display is sharp. The 1 GB ram and processor is ok for a office user but may be not enough for a gaming enthusiast. Could cast to my Chromecast smoothly with Tubecast which has to be downloaded separately. The plastic cover makes for easy gripping but looks a bit cheap so a little metal could have been added to the body. The keyboard cursor is a bit problematic - cannot place the cursor at the precise spot. Overall a great buy for the price. Can be operated by one hand and just fits in the shirt pocket !!
Good one from microsoft. Having all the features and good camera, wide view, user friendly. Battery is also good.
A dual SIM handset can be used to a number of advantages. Likewise my new Microsoft Lumia 535 smartphone with dual SIM support helps me save money on calls and data and also lets me manage my contacts in a more organized way. Apart from this the handset is a true smartphone with a range of features like the Skype, MS Office, One Note, X Box and OneDrive. Also clicking selfies on the 5 MP front camera is easy. Its wide angle capture makes the images much wider. This same feature also comes to use during the Skype video calls as well. The handset looks gorgeous with the colourful cover and the big 5 inches IPS LCD screen.
NO PROBLEM, WORKING FINE AND IF YOU LOVE WINDOWS IT IS THE BEST WITH GOOD CAMERA AND 1 GB IN A REASONABLE PRICE.
very nice operating.
Faster than flipkart
Nice rockying mobile
This phone fom Microsoft is a failure so far, it is service center for last two weeks already and service center is saying it will take a week more, well they said the same last week as well :( this phone got reset to factory setting twice all by itself deleting all my data in the phone. and then another desaster that the screen went blank all of of a sudden and never came back since then. service senter seems to be clue less of what happened, They blam it on software but what failed in my cae seens to the hardware(screen). In this price range you can get a lot of other better phones.. do not buy this phone.
I am using this phone since jan’15…I was quite happy but from yesterday I’m facing a store error…I can’t download any apps from store…At the time of install the following message is showing “There has been a problem completing your request. Try again later. This error code may be helpful: 80070020” Then I restarted the phone…But the new problem is occurred…Now I can’t connect to the Microsoft account… The following message is showing “We can’t connect at the moment. Wait for a while and try again”. If any one expert, please help me….my e-mail is bkoushik111@rediffmail.com, Phn- 9851882106 Please help me ASAP….
Hi, Amazon delivered me this product before the scheduled delivery time as usual and hats off to timely delivery once again... Seeing Amazon full filled, purchased this phone in great belief, received this phone today, but when switched on the phone it automatically gets heated up, back side and upper front side of phone becomes too hot while using this phone (without plugging in the charge). i switched off the phone for one hour and it was okay. again when switched on and used the mobile for 15mins, and the same issue started again. Don't know what to do.. Regards Udhay
Its a pretty good mobile in this price with os w8.1 After use of one month I found is. Pros... Looks premium Microsoft labeling is great No hanging problem Con's.. Keypad problem : its not so smooth, when u are typing multiple keys are being pressed automatically. Every time you try to pres space key u would end up with pressing windows key When u are scrolling down a list, it does not respond smoothly Zoom in camera is not possible App store is not very developed like android play store Missing apps.. Wifi file transfer, file manager, app lock, and many more.
cheap panel quality
nice simple working
it in my wish list.
Loving the phone...
defective touch pad
I own a Note 3 and let me tell you the Lumia 535 is the most bang for buck phone out there. Unlike it's main rival Moto G, it looks more premium and takes better photos. The Windows Phone user interface is a joy to use. Internet Explorer on it syncs with your desktop and all of your favourites and user credentials are synced too. Just make sure you use the same live ID. App selection is excellent now. You get windows phone exclusives like Halo which is an Xbox game and not available on iOS and android. Battery life is excellent and so is its dual screen functionality.
it is simply super
Excrlent perfance.
great at low price
It is good product
Exceptional phone.
NOT UP TO THE MARK
The display went bank after about 2 weeks of using the phone. Nokia Customer Care sent it to the factory (as per the Nokia Customer Care rep) to fix it and it had taken them more than 2 weeks to just get back to me about this phone. Definitely regret buying this phone. Maybe should have waited a bit longer to see the reviews or should have gone for other options. Before the blank screen, at times, the phone would by itself enlarge the display, as if zooming in. A defective product or a defective piece as many people seem to have the same problem with the phone?
True smart phone at this price. Microsoft is the brand for smartphone in coming days
Great mobile...!!
Better to buy 535
Lumia best first
Nice good quality
It is as expected
I have purchased Microsoft first window Phone even after read many negative reviews. But all of them wrong after update received from Microsoft and updated by air (WIFI). FOR check software update firstly Phone WiFi on or Data on, Goto (phone) setting, Select phone update, Select check for update If update is available, automatically update download start and after that prepaid for update and starting update the phone after automatically restart the handset. After up dating the hand set work fine. All problem solved by Microsoft. Touch like high end handset as 25-40 thousand. I thing best one in this price range. Go with blind eyes and purchase it from the same. Camera also good mostly front . If any one indroid use take this opportunity, forget last one. Just talk it is amazing and superb. :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) Thumb up to microsoft.
DON'T BUY THIS PHONE!! A FAILED PRODUCT FROM MICROSOFT!! Very bad touch! Didn't improve the touch even after after getting 3 Over The Air updates from microsoft!! They say it is Gorilla Glass- but the screen literally shattered even after falling from a height of just 3 ft on a smooth tar road! The back case is very very fragile and made of low quality plastic which started cracking from the audio jack from the day 1! I have been using this phone since last 4 months and i don't recommend this phone at all!
Battery back up is not well.
This phone has hanging problem. Generally problem is resolved by switching it off & on but at times you may have to take the battery out. Further whenever a USB including charger is connected to mobile disruption is more evident in its functioning. The old but still existing problem is of Windows apps. However it's camera  quality is very good. Buying from Amazon has one more concern as due to FDI policy it can only refund the money but can not replace with another product that to within a limited time period.
Worst phone ever
Good Products...
Not a easy phone
Before buying it I was too confused, but after seeing it I don't have words to express my happiness. Those who are posting Negative reviews (i.e Touch Issue, Battery, Camera etc.) should buy an iPhone. No issues encountered so far...& am sure will never face anything.. It is my first purchase from Amazon & they have proven that they are the best in this industry. Thank You,
Excellent product by Microsoft(formerly Nokia).. They have really given the best mobile in this price range. The touch is very good and no problem occurs(as earlier reported,they have certainly fixed the touch screen issue) . The app store is large and all the popular apps are present free of cost.The camera quality is goodAnd ofcourse the amazon delivery was super fast. Even though I had asked for normal delivery(which takes 2-4 business days) i got it immediately the next day.
Microsoft Lumia 535 with 5" display and of low price makes fool everyone if u buy this bcoz its main major problem touch function-for every app or option u have to tap 2-3 times for opening.....zooming is not while taking pictures-this is another rediculous thing in this phone bcoz ordinary vga cam phones giving zoom option.......another strange factor is the music pauses suddenly middle of the song playing-i dont know y it happens?......"THINK BEFORE U BUY"
Value for money
Use less phone
Just Average..!
value for money
Very good phone
Not bad......
excellent phone
It is excellent
Rear camara clarity is not sufficient and need to improove touch screen .
Good mobile from MS, cameras are too good , screen size super but this 535 has touch issues,it hangs & screen zooms & after restarting it becomes normal. I read online that there's a software update for touch screen voews when will that be available in India?
it's worst product from microsoft bcz its only windows phone not a android one... nd there is no zoom option in camera. nd also it dnt have google chrome app. if u want u can buy the app in store its not a free app bt in the andiod phn it was already installed in phn. it is cmpltly diffrnt to android one, its only useful for the offc purpose only... worest worest worest phn... bt the delivery was too good before the intime i got it....
Very good windows phone..dual sim and alzo front camera for skype. .
this mobile is not bad but good nice and comfortable i like M L 535
For its price, it is an excellent deal. I have been using it alongside Lumia 1520 and yet I find it satisfactory. The touch is a bit scratchy which can make typing a pain sometimes. Internal storage of 8GB is not enough so you will have to put in a memory card to suit your needs. Cameras deliver as much as they promise and most apps run seamlessly. Overall a good buy especially if you intend to use it as your second phone.
I received my order on 25jan,no issues with amazon delivery,now coming to mobile phone.i have not faced any touch issue with this phone.both camera is fine.all application and games arenot working on SD card.even not able to download any new game or apps on SD card.i have formated card also,but still problem persists.don't know anybody else is facing this problem. Using class4 16gb card.previously same card was working fine anroid .
Good phone....
good product .
value of money
thish mobile software not upload . so i am angry........?????????
there are lots of features in the handset with some problems and facility,if some1 like me is shifting from android 4.1 and above to win 8.1 then it may fustrate due to keypad and store also the ui. but as days past we will come to know it more and it will become easy to use. if we compare android with windows then i m wrong both ui have different style,theory and idea.but according to me i will prefere android for its ui and store and the best of its simplicity.in some ways win 8.1 is complex in settings and the live tiles are ok but it can be better if i have a main home screen with my wallpaper only,a page with live tiles and the menu. the main menu where the apps are organised should be given an option to view in grid or list and its a must feature.grid view is easy to go and select apps. the handset features 1.low price 2.fast cpu 3.no no no lagging at all 4.selfi cam is the best 5.5mp rear cam can be better,its not that nokia n95 5mp cam,not even near to it 6.display is good in its price with any available handset in the market but too sensitive,i dnt know why sometimes just by blowing from mouth or nose i can type the g,v,k letter 7.sound good 8.dosnt support stylus 9.light weight really,barely feel it in the pocket 10.stylish handset adorable and the font are so sweet in the dark room with black handset 11.earpeice speaker is very loud in full volume during call any1 can here standing by me also in ful volume the handset shake slightly like putting an ear in a person back over all i m satisfied with the handset beside all cons,as the mobile is so sweet and adorable in black,recomended to go for it u will love it but dont compare with android ui,can compare with hardware with any handset in the market but on with xiomi brand. FINALLY THE PRICE ARE HIGH IN ANY ONLINE WEBSITE,I BOUGHT IN RS.8600 FROM A LOCAL STORE NOT NOKIA.GO TO LOCAL SHOP AND BARGAIN
I bought this phone and i did all settings in the evening as per my convenient and i was very happy with the product but when i start to use it second day then i was socked because it was not working anymore because screen was totally blank. After that I am totally disappointed with this product because i bought this product due to the brand value of Microsoft but how its possible in newly phone.
Excellent!!!!
great product
So super.....
Not very good
Nice handset.
One word only
good and nice
.i buy this near shop kochi for 8900 rs . it my first windows Phone and also good . .nice very nice one from microsoft ! 5 mp camera cool , 1 gb ram , windows 8.1 everything super . but 8 GB internal memory not have to use , just near 4 gb . and some time lite (not over) heat up . otherwise good .i buy this near shop kochi for 8900 rs . it my first windows Phone and also good .
Best mobile at this cost. Microsoft provides an awesome mobile with lots of features.I have been using the mobile for past 1 week. yaaay.. its really good compared with android phones.The best things about this model is the camera quality is really awesome.The pictures are at high quality.Buying a smartphone with all features i would suggest this model.. Amazon fast delivery..!!!
Did not buy on Amazon as I was not sure about warranty validity. The display went dead on the 5th day. Phone is working, but the screen is blank. I have to take it to the service center. I will never buy any MS phone again. At least there won't be any warranty issues.
Hey guys...!! I buy these phone local retailer r.s 9000... I m firstly using windows o.s..... Lumia 730 is a microsofts evergreen superb phone...but thats cost morethan 13k range....!! The more of the users interst to purchase below 10k phones.....!! Now days we can get android phones cheap rate....! But lumia 535 rank 2...comparing with lumia 730...rank1 ... ITS AMAZING DUDES...IM FALLING LOVE WITH LUMIA 535.....!! DONT GO FOR OTHERS IF YOUR BUDGET IS BELOW 10K..... JUST GO FOR IT.... It have more freeky standard.....than android
Very good 
Nice product
Awsome phone
Good phone..
This phone is one of the amazing set in current market... Touch is very cute...looks is so cute... Shining back cover... Gorilla glass 3 gives it glossy touch... The best part of this model is price under 10k you will get worthy mobile...
Phone is ok
nice mobile
Nice phone.
Its Nice...
Bad Bad bad
Great phone
Pretty well
Zakkasss...
its awesome
Nice one...
Value for money except the display pixel specs
Compare to all other lumia phone, its an amazing product by Microsoft with essential properties in low price
Good phone
Good amji
Good phone
Nice phone
nice phone
Good Phone
Good phone
it is good
Very Good.
Nice phone
Amazing phone at a 9k price range.Windows usage might be a bit different and the phone looks a bit brittle and colors look different than shown in pics.Overall not a bad phone at this price.Please dont expect an iphone experience.I strongly recommend this product considering the budget.
The phone have awesome design and easy to handle even in one hand....but compared to Other Lumia Devices battery and touch is a back side.other than that you can still enjoy with you phone ...just be gentle while scrolling it clicks automatically even you try not to....
Good one
Fantastic
Very good
it's good
nice cell
phon is almost good but facing some problem cant enjoy music when i am traveling music stop automatically any solution for this plz give any suggestion some time it get zoomed and restart it . i am facing heating prblm with it
not good
Good one
Good....
Liked it
I am an hardcore android phone user, by seeing the price and fuctions of this windows phone decided to try this, i was really disappointed to see the screen size going big and phone hangs in the biginning, thn as listed in the site of microsoft they told me to swithc off the screen magnifier functions in the settings which comes on by default, after doing tht the phone is working fine, believe me the touch sensitivity also increased a lot after this. other problem which i faced was to switch on the the data connection as it was not in the notification list, but the appication provided in the store is gud enough to resolve tht issue, over all windows phone never hangs like android phones of the same specification and the speed is also good.this phone comes with lot of features added to it. a gud buy for this price
Microsoft Lumia 535 with one bug... Microsoft phone comes with bad quality Headphone. When you plugged headphone to your Lumia 535 and start journey by riding bike or driving. Your Radio FM, Music and Video player stops abruptly. When you complain to Nokia Care, they ask for Software update, but still problem persist. This is really bad with first Microsoft owned product.
Great phone. You won't get another phone like this in this price range.. Welcome Microsoft !! Whatay entry
it seems the price is little bit higher bcse the product has been released with a pice of 9200 .
amazing
Awesome
not bad
Awesome
Notgood
Good...
Exellent Mobile Phone At The Price Tag Of 9k I Pre-Ordered This Phone Camera Is Very Good And Nokia Store Is Also Works Great With 2G Speed Internet And Very Good Download Speed.
Super phone
Nice form factor. Solid feel. Easy setting up account and recovering data. Cons: Slow camera. scratch prone. Bought a set with white backshell - gets dirty easily.
Worst phone in whole lumia series which I had ever seen still now(waste quality provided by Microsoft) so friends I suggest not to buy this type of waste product...
superb
Its worth the prize and is faster than android..so my top choice ..
Best phone In the market With compare with all other lumia phone
Really osm mobile:)
Touch was not good even after updating the software, unable to select even the options. while dragging the options its not at all coming up...
Good phone having value for money its only problem is with touch and it can be simply solved by using a screen guard.Any way I loved it.
Best Mobile in this price range.... Simply Love it Camera's great Music's great The set is great!!!!! :)
vgood
good1
ek no
osome
Phone is good at looking but there is some issue with the touch. Got this device yesterday and touch is irresponsible. I try to click something else and got selected something else., Not only this if you try to mark several songs than also touch response vanish. And we cant even share multiple songs together. Also its showing loading, even if we try to open an istalled apps or any features. Overall phone is very trendy in look but in problems you must consider must.
phone seems to be OK but in the absence of user manual it's extremely difficult for searching a particular query.
Overall product is good . selfi is quit good. But product I received is not good. Manufacture defect is there. It's back panel not fit properly and I can see white spot inside the screen .. I have initiated refund. Let see what gpna happen. It seems I got defective product..not happy with reseller he must check product before delivery .
nc product :)
Very Bad Mobile. My friend owns it. Touch is bull s*** also display is not upto the mark. Go for Lumia 625
Best in the lots. U can buy it without any hesitation if u havnt any requiremnt of zooming option in primary camera which is not there... But handset is superb.. Superb in all over place. No lag whats so ever. Battery good. Display good. Both sim slot is 3g supported. Dual satand by. U can trust on this hanset.
So many problems are there in this phone. Don't go for it. It works fine only for the first week.
good
Nice
good
good
FAST
good
Nice
good
Good
Good
Good
okay
Good
Nice
good
good
Good
good
Nice
good
good
pls dnt go for this product charger getting heat and mobile even toooo waste of money
good phone
Wow it's sounds good very stylish u can learn mre everything S on ur front screen
Phone is good...with nice features and good camera......except the facebook...
Its a failure model.. the next day the phone is not getting turned on. Star rating is mandatory so i'm selecting 1 star. Can anyone let me know for a minus star rating.?
Very bad experience.mobile  always .it stop working.please don't choose it.
It has very nice features at low price. Deffinately a nice budget phone but touch screen sensitivity is really bad. Many times, whenever we scroll it registers it as touch. Apart from this phone is awesome.
Amazon and Microsoft both are cheating by selling this worst quality mobile.
Touch is pathetic. No zoom for camera. Low strength body material.
This is used Product only, its very bad experience to me in this product.
Looks at good..facing problems while in call. Call goes on hold..dropped. It also hangs often..the screen size becomes big and hangs. I have to reboot the mobile..overall not satisfied.
Blue screen after un boxing, disappointing. Will never buy a MS phone.
Excellent...
Bad
k..
Excellent performance an all aspect but low mah for battery.
Microsoft is announcing a price of Rs 9199/-. Not clear why sellers on Amazon are charging much higher. From the specs, this phone seems good value for money. Good that Nokia/ Microsoft introduced front camera. 8GB of internal memory is not enough. 16 GB would have been good.
Worst phone I ever buy ... Totally waste of money .
Very good phone supported all games and not hanging
it's getting too much of heat don't buy this phone
This product is not as expected. Its fonts are becoming very big some times, then you restart, it will be okay. Some times system gets hanging. If you compare it with android, the clicks are more in it. Battery backup is better than my earlier samsung s2. It is not user friendly for me. To enable wifi and net, we have beat about the bush. It has decorated to attract the users. But inside it is nothing much. The games and applications are very less. Some times, some are not working at all. After all, if i get a good deal, i will sell it.
Super
ok
ok
Let me know those who are used to about this phone, is there dual GSM+CDMA or GSM+GSM
Android is better then windows phone.
Awesome product wth gr8 price I got
The best phone under ₹10000 range.
Very Nice Product with Low Price.Waiting For that.But it also have some drawbacks like display,speaker also
Its slow and not up to the mark.
Its not user friendly at all...
Superb :). Courier was superfast. just reached in 24 hours.
Product is not up to the mark
The product is a little below expectation (This is in comparison with the touch, as most lumias which I have used has had feather touch and this one just has regular touch experience, it won't get in the way of operating experience though), and I feel its a little over priced (best buy would be around 8 to 8.5K) but over all satisfied with it and no complains as such. My personal suggestion would be, if you can afford 5K more then go for lumia 730, there won't be any regrets. if thats not affordable then this is the next best choice.
This is the worst mobile 
Good budget smartphone.
Nice phone
Not much worth
good product
first of all this mobile rate is 9199 shown by Nokia itself then why i want to pay excess to you.. this mobile is good but there using snapdragon 200chip this is older 400 chip want to be used. i think there done that by considering price.. camera is superb if you compare Sony c3 lava iris X5 selfie performance in lumia better if you want bit high range move towards 730 lumia that one is awesome
I bought this phone 9 days ago. After using Android for 2 year. I found this phone poor feature wise, has limitations for data transfer, Whatsapp data forwarding, filtration of contacts etc... Also this phone hangs with zooming screen which is very much irritating. Rest performance and Price wise i consider not bad..Laxman Kr.
good phone
phone is very slow
Meet the future.
it's ok.
It has a good front camera. Primary camera is average. Touch is not very responsive. Build quality is good. Overall it's okay type of phone.
It is simply ok don't expect much from this. worse part of this phone is its touch which doesn't work sometime for a while.
Excellent configuration for a four figured mobile.only lacks in hd video recording for else its simply the BEST.Lucky to grab it in the first round of sale.Amazon you are something inside...
I bought this phone 4days ago.phone is average.touch response is poor.
Good
Check in snap deal 1000 /- less than this
Mobile Worth to have really good.
Spec looks awesome, I have 520 which using from almost 1 year. Eager to purchase this new one with front camera and dual sim
The camera quality is not as expected. Expected it would be equivalent to 8MP camera of samsung phones. Other features are good, very light and handy. Look is awesome and is better than what is shown in the images.
Bad phone.
product was good looking,lightweight but poor camera quality
Dont just go on best budget with enhanced selfie camera of phone..!!! Firstly Gmail sync with this phone sucks...I am not able to use my gmail can neither uninstall it...!! another regularly automatically it goes in very high font size mode which can not be accesed..and to use we have to try hard to restart the phone. Overall this sucks..
Very Nice Product
Thou shalt rock!
good
I am very crazy to buy lumia 535. It is very nice upgrade . Back cover and front camera is very good but processor is main issue lumia 530also having same processor for 5300 . Very eager to buy 535 less price as described . Very good phone at high budget to indians. Please
nice phone great upgread by microsoft
nice
amazing phone
Bed
It is amazing mobile in that price,so go and buy,don't miss it...........
dont buy
