B00Q2HGUH2
I am using this phone since jan’15…I was quite happy but from yesterday I’m facing a store error…I can’t download any apps from store…At the time of install the following message is showing “There has been a problem completing your request. Try again later. This error code may be helpful: 80070020” Then I restarted the phone…But the new problem is occurred…Now I can’t connect to the Microsoft account… The following message is showing “We can’t connect at the moment. Wait for a while and try again”. If any one expert, please help me….my e-mail is bkoushik111@rediffmail.com, Phn- 9851882106 Please help me ASAP….
I have purchased this phone for my Neice's birthday. She loved it very much. User interface is good, screen response is also as good as my samsung core duos. I feel worth for price.
I bought this mobile for my uncle. What made me consider buying this over other smartphones like Redmi Note, Yureka etc.. is that Windows Phone is pretty much fool proof. It can be quite easy to operate for someone who is new and barely understands smartphones. Plus he trusts Nokia over Chinese Xiaomi and Micromax. Also this is the first Lumia that inherits the Microsoft Badge. Here are some of the Pros and Cons of this Phone. Pros:- -Runs on latest Windows Phone (direct updates from Microsoft like Nexus in case of Google). -Has been confirmed that it will get Windows 10 update. -Has user replaceable covers and battery. -Supports expandable storage with MicroSD. -Front Cam is 5mp for great quality Selfies and Skype Calls. -Dual SIM -Lag is minimal. Cons -Biggest Con is that the touchscreen is which is defective. Microsoft have announced that an update can rectify this. But even after installing each and every update released till date there has been no improvements. It misses touches, sometimes it takes unintended touches, somestimes gestures are misinterpreted. Even phones much cheaper have better touch screens than this. -5MP Cam is not capable of recording even 720p videos. Maybe it's because of weaker processor. -Lack of apps which is a limitation of OS not just this phone.
I bought this 1 month ago and product seems to be good. But this has few major defects that camera does not have ZOOM capability and sometimes mobile is getting hang even though I have not installed any games etc.
sharing of audio is not possible in whatsapp..
sir the phone is not upto the mark. it is getting heated up and hanging very often.
Awesome phone. It looks better than in the image.
Better phone this price
mass
U send items b4 delivery date...performance s so good and I m satisfied...
IT IS GETTING SO HOT AS I CANNOT HANDLE IT IN MY HAND WHILE RUNNING VIDEO
sligthly over priced product and only windows loving ppl shd buy it.
I like it
Excellent Product...Delivery on time...Thanks
I like the front camera its really awesome. I am new with windows os so its quite tough to manage.
Good
Good
