B00QISH3E4
Amazingly fast! HD quality Video recording! Display is delight to eyes! Lighter in weight! I think one of the best phone in its category and price
This is awesome phone after all bramd name matters i have used other brand phone also. Although other brand spec may be comprable or even higher but it from use point of view samsung phone are better package in totality. Price will pay of when you consider durability of phone
Excellent
What i want i got it. Its excellent piece. Genuine & trusted products.
Nice phone .it was greatful that use this phone.mobile works faster and fast.no problem for use.
great phone camera quality is amazing when compared to past phones of samsung in this price range no lags and works fast
Dear friends, I’m glad to inform you that I have bought Samsung galaxy core prime G360H on 22/04/2015 from reliance digital plus showroom for the Price- rs.8700. Let I may come to product – its nice to use, music(good but not best), video(hd) is good, rear camera photo clarity is good and rear cam video rec. is awesome. Front is good enough for selfie. About battery for normal usage, calling, surfing internet for a while, msg, music through headset(average quality) and cam use altogether it came for  of a day. But if we may use ultra battery saving mode it may give for long period as mentioned in mobile. Now the call clarity is good for airtel in sim slot 1 and not good for Vodafone in sim 2 slot. I had interchanged but for VF it lacks clarity and for AT its nice to hear. Voice Call volume is loud to hear. 2g internet in airtel in slow but with 3g its ok. If we connects pc , its very simple to connect and disconnect. All options are good to use. User friendly. In brief:- Pros: 1. Camera 2. Good looking white colour(attractive) 3. Battery with saving mode 4. Weight less and slim 5. Good rear video(hd) recording 6. Enough audio volume 7. User interface Cons: 1. Sim slot problem with cut sim(micro). Not detecting sim. So Please only use with default micro sim to avoid prob. 2. Call clarity prob. with sim 2 slot (any sim card network) 3. Net speed may differ with place and network but on comparing with other models 2g is very slow and 3g is only barrable speed. But serves the need on time. I don’t know about gaming since I’m not a gamer. Thank you.
I bought this phone before 1 month...i used this phone all the time and the internet is open all the time of the day and i play game in mah phone everyday.....i had buyed 6phonea except this phone samsung galaxy core prime...bt i find all the features good and well in this phone...so.friends trust me....buy this phone today and be happy with samsung....
Better phone but not back key light
Good product and receive on time.
The phone is little slow
good mobile is samsung]
Camera is not functioning properly. Better not to go for it. Being regular customer not satisfied.
it is a good phone having all feature but battery is 2000 mah which should be 2500 mah.....
I am writing this review after using this for almost two months.The best low range from samsung i took this phone after using micromax canava knight the over all performance is very good and the camera clarity is well for the 5mp.The selfies almost coming giod ly in this i took max selfoes and main cam pics too good clarity images produce by this phone through front and back cameras.but somtimes when phone call come its get struck but its not a major problem screen clarity is awesome by this price i bougt it from my friend shop i bought it for 9200 when i planeed to buy in amazon it was 10k almost so ly choosed my friend shop to buy this mobile but almost i buy tge products througt the amazon site which provide a wee delivery and less prices compared to flipkart service...!
All functions are good. But there is no function for auto call reject
samsung galaxy core prime SM-G360 smart phone is very good set
Very Good
received as expected thank u amazon.in
OTG dosent support for this mobile..
It's Good Device here Are Some Cons & Pro Good Built Quality Nice Display Good Sound Quality Descent camera Both Front & Back cons The Major Cons is While Talking on Phone Sometimes Voice Gets Interrupted ,Call gets Drop.
Very Good Phone with stylish look.
soon after 10 days of purchase speaker started troubling,,, Samsung is coming up with quantities and not quality. Better stop launching new mobiles and work on the quality now.
super
it is not in good condition
For this price I can give you a 3 star. Because of 8 GB storage, 5 MP Camera, 1 GB Ram.and 4.5 " screen. Cons: Worst display. No touch key lights. It is always off, and no setting available. You can't make folder in application panel. and a biggest joke : When you dial a call or when you receive an incoming call, don't touch the "recent apps button" . It will make your calling screen to vanish !!!!! If you want to bring it again, you have to slide the home screen down and tap on the icon . I found it really funny for a "SMART" phone...!!!!!.
This is currently one of the best smartphones. Watch the full and non stop video review covering camera with lot of samples, gaming, otg test, full HD video playback, benchmarks, battery performance on load, display quality & touch response, in call sound & clarity, speaker output, etc: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i7JoVEO6qsU
Low price good
Pretty good phone....but yes, price could have been 2k to 3k less.
I am using this phone for a month . It is really good. Although other company offers much high specification with cheep price. This one is somewhat high in price . But cost is offerdable for its brand name and durability. Check out the reviews . No problems till now.
excellent
Awesome
Awesome mobile for this Price. I bought this mobile a couple of months back... spending 4 to 5 hours with mobile data... Good battery life.. Thank you AMAZON...!!!!
It's good. Product.design is same as always samsung phone has.pricing should be lower below 8000 rs.It's just like basic Android phone.
First time it gave some error, phone got stick. After that I took it to Samsung store and they rebooted it. Now it is working fine
not bad, some phone review says that it supports 4G
Worst
cost is too high....we can get the other brand mobiles with high specification in low cost ,,,,,,,,BUT it looks good...
Phone is good overall.needs a more powerful battery.delivered with outdated software resulting in blurred speech in incoming calls.had to go to a service centre for help. There should be a flashing light for a missed call even if the phone is in rest mode to alert the owner.
Good
How is the battery life pls can anyone tell me
Low value item must be delivered on cash.
1st word is AMAZING... In love with this device. Bought this phone 2months before and donot have any complain. Amazingly fast..coz its snapdragon qualcrm processor. Camera is a treat, even the front camera captures the best shot. You can get 2mp & 5mp camera in other brands but they are not really 2mp & 5mp. Get beautiful selfies guys! HD video recording. I surf the internet all the time. People say that samsung's phone hangs up very often. Well, I didnt face that problem in this device. All in all in this price this phone is nothing but the BEST. Dont have a second thought just buy it. Yes, only complain is with the battery,it runs out in a short time. But it should not be the only reason to go for other phones!
Balu
its good,, but cost high....better redmi note...
Worst...!!!
Quality and specifications Much below the competition and price much higher. Should be prices around 6k, that's reasonable amount for this mobile
Cost is so high same prise asus zenphone is better than this
