B00QF746M0
Rom is not 8gb as described. It only 4gb.
I bought for this phone for one simple reason: for the price point (7000), it has better features than any other option in this range. So far (three days), this phone has been excellent in just about every way, and it delivers as the description promises. The screen is very bright, crisp, and responsive with no lag. (Note: I do not play games, so I don't know how good it is for those.) I have yet to have any malfunctions, crashes, or unexpected behaviors while transferring apps, files, and so forth from my old phone. Till date I am very happy with it. A few points: +Android version is indeed 4.4.2 (Kit Kat) +Like most phones, it partitions its internal storage. 3GB is available for apps, 3GB for phone storage; I assume the rest is being used by the Android OS. Apps that allow for it may be transferred to an SD card without difficulty, so there's plenty of storage room available. +The cameras are quite good both indoors and out. (Most problems people have with phone cameras come from either not holding it steady or insufficient light on the subject. Also, if you're really interested in taking good photos, consider getting a decent digital camera; there's only so much you can do with a phone.) +The looks of the phone are also quite good. The back covers are very glossy and thus pick up a lot of fingerprints, but overall the phone doesn't look cheap, and the build seems to be sturdy enough. -The flip cover does not turn the screen on/off when you open/close it. -There's no notification light. +/- The phone comes preloaded with more junk apps that I like (but not as nearly bad as my old HTC), but surprisingly, at least some of them can be uninstalled. +/- Battery life is about average, neither especially good nor especially bad. I have not noticed any heating at all while using or charging (but again, I don't play games with heavy graphics). So far, I'm very happy with this phone. For the price it is excellent, and I hope that it quickly becomes one of the more popular budget smartphones in India.
Spice brand is finally getting out of the 'low-on-price/low-on-features' rut One of the surprising things about Spice mobiles in 2014 is how serious have they been in shedding their 'cheap phone - so so/me -too' features perception. After the successful Spice 498 Android One device, the 520n seems to be another Spice smartphone which has all the desired featues - I like the 1 GB RAM feature the best - any phone with less than 1 GB RAM is kaput, I say. I also like that all of this is available under Rs. 7000 Good going, Spice! In summary, the 520n is best in class and worth your money.
The touch & display is very good. But it doesnot provide Case cover for other back panels except black. The printed Batter Capacity is 2000 Mhz but the app like Battery Doctor shows the capacity of 1000 Mhz. The processing speed is as good as that of Redmi 1s & Huewai Honor Holly. Considering Freebies like 3 Back Panels, Screenguard this product is valueable. Without use of internet battery continues for long time with calls, sms & offline watsapp. It is also pocket fitting for travelling in local trains.
don't buy it its a faulty product battery backup is not so good worst camera quality no hd and no 8gb ROM as advertise only 4gb available from which only around 2.50 gb available
this mobile working good it is a nice one to purchase
Its Good Phone From Spice with very Good features.But i will still recommended you to buy Huawei Honor Holly. Because almost all features are same and still there are more features in Honor .Here is comparison between Huawei and Spice + Notification light + 16 GB(13 GB usable) inbuilt memory in Huawei but only 8 GB(only 3 GB usable) in spice. other all features and price are same. So i will recommend you to buy " huawei honor holly " as I am using it since 31 days. From : Prem Shah (pspsps357@gmail.com)
After much research online, considering features and budget, I finally settled on this phone. I've been using it for exactly 2 months and it suits me perfectly. It hasn't lagged or crashed on me yet, the display is very clear, games run smoothly, the battery life is decent - 1-2 days on moderate use or about 4 hours of continuous gaming. I also love the fact that it has different back panels to match my mood! So far so good! I am definitely happy with my purchase.
Everything is good at the Given price. But 1. it gets heated up when you try to access internet. 2. The ear phone (SGH-07) got issues within 1 month. After I went to the service center to get it replaced, since it was under warranty. The service center gave me ear phone of cheap quality(SGH-03). This is not justified, So is it that if my phone get issues during warranty period, will be replaced by inferior quality items.
The product quality is extremely poor. It didn't work fine and after 15th day onward it start giving trouble. It is not able to recognize the SD card and even after visiting the service center the problem is not resolved. Wi-fi is not connecting, on entering the password to connect the wi-fi it shows wrong password message although on other device same passwd is working fine.
Spice has indeed come out with one of its stellar performing smartphone. The 8MP primary camera with BSI Sensor and HD video recording and a front facing 2MP camera are the highlights for me. The phone also comes with a 5-inch HD touchscreen with amazing pixels resolution. The phone performance goes up another notch with a powerful 1.3 GHz Quad Core Processor. With 1GB RAM and expandable 8GB internal memory up to 32GB, the smartphone is a must buy for data freaks. Lastly with multiple colorful black panels available Spice has literally spoilt us for choice. Thumbs up from me!!
Its camera clarity sucks as per its features and say 8mp camera its upon it just like as VGA too bad...
I bought this phone on the month of January from Amazon.com. It looks very good, very good service, don't hit in charging. Most interesting thing in 2g high-speed data you can see videos from YouTube without any buffering. 1 thing is not satisfying that here internal memory is showing is 8gb but they had given only 3gb.
Positive(+ve) Indian brand,assembled in India, deliver within 2days by Amazon including 3 panel + 1 flip cover + 1 screen guard Laminated crystal clear HD screen Normal sim (Dual). Apps can move to SD card if movable Neutral(+/-) Battery,camera performance average, fixed i.e. no update will available from spice as well as android in future with Pre install apps, Negative(-ve) only 3GB instead of 8GB no notification light Note:- it is available on other site also but no guarantee for timely dispatch and quality
I could say same for Spice mobiles. I mean I see their ads on Homeshop18 but where else? Compare that ad to Micromax's 'Canvas CAN' series. Free marketing tip for the marketing guys at Spice - If Spice can afford it, they should sponsor some youth-oriented event. Get your full-featured, low-on-price models at a segment that needs these great phones. Coming back to 520n, this looks to be a nice purchase. If not for yourself, then for gifting. It has all the specs, I mean and you won't feel the price pitch
Great mobile in low cost...it fullfill all requirement...very fast..using for 7 days..no hang up..if spice provide a yellow flip cover it would be 100%..... sound is good..pic quality also very good in display as well as in 8 mp camera....mobile tower is also good...
Forget that you are buying a mid-tier brand. That you saw no advertisement for it. That It takes only 8 MP pics. That it has only 1 GB RAM Forget that it has interchangeable back panels. Remember that I told you to go for white. Remember that this is the currently the best phone under the sub-7000 price mark. Remember that Spice has started pushing some good phones. Remember that it is a slim, stylish phone. Done with the poetry. Enjoy the phone.
Excellent.. Got the fone today.. Worth for the money.. sleek slim look. Light weight. excellent screen quality good camera. I would recommend it for all those who like a cute sleek android phone with good clarity and picture quality
Yep.have to say very nice looking grand and sexy.....not cheap But battery back up have to be given more .if its ram is up to 2GB then phone is in unremarkable.cause phone itself using nearly 500mb. except everything is fine a better option.
I Received the product as described...satisfied with time taken to deliver the product. Product is also good in this range except sound quality. When u run the MP3/vedio its sound gives u feeling like running a cheep mobile. Call volume is also low.....
Purchase on dated 05-02-2015,Delivered on time 06-02-2015, mobile is very decent, but some problem in camera and battery. Battery discharge quickly & front camera is not up to date. Back camera also not good as 8mp camera. overall thik thak hi hai.....
Camera is not good. On a whole I rate it as good. But spice should have maintained a good camera quality. They should not mention it as 8MP. Very much dissappointed with the camera. Photos are okay but video is worst. Other features are fine
flip cover is the biggest drawback, turns off automatically even when the battery is full. shows no sim message at times, in a minute shws there is sim. overall if these changes are rectified, its a good buy. crystal clear picture quality.
Amzon shipping Services is good. Product also very good in this price 69999/- Only camera not so impactable in comparison of my Sony Xperia c both are having 8mp camera. But in this price, it is ok, hd display good
Spice launched it Spice Stellar 520n, with standard budget quad core hardware and a 5 inch HD display. The handset comes in several color options for customization. We received our review unit and got to spend some time with the device. Read on to know our initial impressions. - Spice Stellar Mi 520n Quick Specs: Display Size: 5 Inch HD 1280 X 720 IPS LCD, 296 PPI Processor: 1.3 GHz mt6582 quad core processor with Cortex A7 based Cores and Mali 400 GPU RAM: 1 GB Software Version: Android 4.4.2 KitKat Camera: 8 MP camera, LED flash Secondary Camera: 2 MP Internal Storage: 8 GB (2.5 GB free App storage) External Storage: MicroSD support up to 32 GB Battery: 2000 mAh Connectivity: HSPA+, Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n, Bluetooth 4.0 with A2DP, aGPS, Micro USB Design, Build and Display : The design is quite simple and customary. The back cover is glossy and Spice has bundled 2 extra covers inside the box apart from the flipcover. Both the front and backside accumulate fingerprints easily and need careful handling. Both the MicroUSB port and headphone jack are present on the top. Power key and volume rocker are present on the right edge. Loud speaker is present on the rear side The display is 5 inches in size with 720p HD resolution which is good enough in this price range. The display is sharp, with decent brightness and good viewing angles. Three navigation keys below the display are not backlit. Auto brightness is also supported. Spice Stellar 520n is not a premium build device and perhaps we will rank it one step below Android One, but extra rear casings and flipcover is a bonus. At these prices, we have no complains about the build quality. Processor and RAM: The processor is the same old MT6582 clocked at 1.3 GHz, which is a pretty decent performer for day to day usage. The chipset is backed by 1 GB RAM, more than 500 MB of which is free on first boot. In our initial time with the device, everything is running smoothly without much lag. We did experience occasional stutters and we will test it further to know how well the phone holds in the long run. We did not encounter any lag while playing full HD videos and while running graphic intensive games Camera and Internal Storage: The rear 8 MP camera does a good job in proper lighting. However, in low light the camera struggles with details and images are slightly noisy. The rear camera supports tab to focus and auto focus. The shutter speed is not very fast for the rear shooter. Overall performance of rear camera is average. The front camera on the other hand works well and should suffice for good quality video chats. The rear camera supports tab to focus and auto focus. Internal storage is 8 GB and there is option to check SD card as default storage for app data and Media. The storage is split in two parts and you will get only around 2.5 GB for applications. Since all apps can’t be transferred to SD card, this will be a limitation for users who wish to keep several apps on their devices. User Interface and battery: The user interface is Android 4.4.2 KitKat which is mostly stock, but with some customizations to modify its look and feel. The interface is light but not as fluid. we did notice some lag while switching apps and orientation. The stock dialer has option for cellular video calling. Swiftkey keyboard is preinstalled on the device Battery capacity is 2000 mAh, and spice clains 4 hours of talk time and 200 hours of standby time. This doesn’t sound impressive. We will give our verdict after we have spent some more time with the device. Conclusion: Spice Stellar Mi 520n is a conventional budget quad core device which offers a sharp 5 Inch display to enjoy above average Android experience. To distinguish itself from the others, Stellar Mi 520n overs several back covers and flip cover, which means you can flaunt a different color smartphone each day. The smartphone seems to be a good performer in day to day usage. Its noting fancy, but its powerful enough to get the job done.
Spice 520n, all you need to know Pros: 1. For under 7000 Rs, you get 5" phone with a great display (premium quality finish and OGS solution), 2000 mAh battery...Even Micromax, the Indian champ has no smartphoen with a similar feature set at this price point. 2. It is fast: The 1.3 Ghz Quad core processor, combined with 1 GB ensures you have a hang-free experience while juggle Temple run, WhatsApp and CandyCrush at the same time. 3. Android Kitkat: After a certain point, I think newer and newer version of OS won't matter. In the PC world, many users are still okay with WIn XP, I mean. I am certain people will be using Kitkat for 3-4 years without missing any major new functionality. 5. 8 MP main camera: This is more than sufficient in most of the usual camera opportunities - functions, office, travelling...I remember reading once that after 8 MP, regular users don't know the difference much. Cons At this point, the 502n should have no minus point, but something needs to be said about Spice mobiles: - Work more on your branding
Spice Mi 520 mobile is excellent in use, but only after 3 days of using , its speakers were not working ultimately I went to showroom and get corrected.So before departure of the product quality of the product must be checked.
working nicely, HD quality also ok but camera not as per specification 8 MP given equavilent to 5 MP of samsug and sony as well as real camera. back cover of this phone PU / silicon is not available in market and online
i liked it. Its easy, smart and simple yet fulfills the requirements. Just one thing I miss is it does not have notification led blink. Otherwise, good phone with good features. If you are thinking to go for it. You must.
nice phone..every thing was good on this...value for money
excellent in all aspects. Better than high segment smart phones.thanks to spice. no need for second thought. used for one month along with popular mobile of more than Rs 55000. unexpected features and performance.
Please don't buy this product. Received it today. enabled 3g for just 10 min. Mobile is heating like anything. You can also make an omlet at the back panel.
Good for cost
BATTERY BACKUP & INTERNAL MEMORY NOT SO GOOD
Overall value for money. The 8MP camera leaves a lot to be desired. The flash is not strong enough for indoor and night photos. Daytime photos are alright.
The moblie seems good and working fine. Only an issue is while charging with USB cable touch functionality is not working smoothly. Other than that everything is good.
worth every penny.......... Best phone in 7000rs....... display is good, games run smooth, no heating, battery life is good......
camera is not good, when i connected to charger pin will not insert correctly it is to hard to pull the pin out it touches to back panel, quad core is good
An excellent product for this Price. The phone has a good touch response and A great 5inch capacitive touch screen
nice phone and performance is standard with this price range. battery is a little issue when u play game but otherwise it really worthy for money.
A value for money phone. Haven't experienced any crash or stutters on apps or main menu. While gaming we could experience the lagging. Battery is decent for android mobile, this mobile is definitely not for gaming.The surprise package is video calling facility with good quality. Couldn't expect more from a mobile in the budget of 7k. This mobile is not for heavy users and gamers. For Medium users it is a must have. Good job spice mobile.
very good and lovely mobile nice battery backup slim and light weight mobile camera quality is slightly poor but goog in open area
what exactly we want with compare to other cheap mobile. The most interesting things is it Graphics ADERNO 305 a nice one to play HD game compare to other graphics ARM 400
It feels like 5" is becoming the standard in smartphones. This new device comes with the same configuration that used to be in the 10-12000 price range until 6 months back. I have only looked at 520n's specs and seem like it is a good purchase. The price is right, people.
Very good . I like it......
I am very disappointed, paid 7000, for this phone.WiFi not connecting,took the phone next day to the service center.Bad, bad,bad.
Mobile meet all my expectation. Considering price point , this mobile has all the feature. Camera quality is good in delight.
My discount amount is not came
Wonderful mobile in low price.
Good mobile ...not for gaming
I have been using a spice mobile phone for more than five years without once repair battery also.It may also perform so.
I never expected it will be so good because this is my third Phone. I had very bad experience with Videocon.
It's an above average mobile.. Bt great specifications at its price.. I'm happy with the product.. Thank you..
Le lo Ye mobile Kuch mat socho itna accha offer with great price range and great features ultimate phone.
Average camera is very low, battery not good I hat this phone
Phone memory not as written in description, back panels are not good it's cracking from all four corners
hi myself rahul..i had ordered spice 520n through amazon and they deleiverd me the mobile in just 12 hours..mobile is just awesome..stunning hd quality videos..fast processor..no lagging while playing high graphics games..very smooth touch..best mobile in 6999 rupees..flip cover..3 back pannels..whatelse u need guys..wonderful experience..
Very good phone.... 1 thing to worry about is its camera..... Happy to buy from Amazon.... Thanks
xellent display and contrast. for this price tag can't get a mobile with that much amount of ppi
Spice is too poor company and totally fake they whatever describe in their set is not available
Been using the phone for about 25 days now. For 7000/- its a great buy. Pros- 1. Touch is very smooth 2. Sound is great 3. Am not big gamer but for my needs, its amazing while playing games 4. No heating, for general use,not even for long calls. (Put the screen to full brightness and it will get hot for heavy usage OR even if we play games for long with full volume without headphone it can get really hot) 5. signal is good. 6. camera in day light. 7. 5 inch screen, with good viewing angles. 8. The different back panels that comes free with it( thank you spice for that), thats a great deal. 3 colors and one flip cover. Cons- 1. Camera in night is not good 2. Battery drains really fast ...6 hrs for medium use. Normal use can be 10-12hrs. 3. wish it came with a pre-installed screen protector.... i screwed up sticking mine. overall for the price its an amazing phone, fits my needs well
poor camera quality
its so far performing well and beautiful. thanks to amazon also for timely delivery.
Simply the best in this price range.. Just go for it. You never regret............
m using it is good so far bt it's not kitkat nor it has 8 gb internal memory
spice has improved their quality. its a great piece to have under 7000rs.
Good phone in this price 6999 !!!!!!! Very Smooth Touch and slim !!!
As mentioned in specs 8 MP camera, but quality is not good at all....
Product is very good I got all the things which were written on.
Great features at a great price point! Pros: 1. For under 7000 Rs, you get 5" phone with a great display (premium quality finish and OGS solution), 2000 mAh battery...Even Micro max, the Indian champ has no smartphone with a similar feature set at this price point. 1.Happy to shop with Amazon.Delivered before estimated time and was completely hassle free experience .. 2. It is fast: The 1.3 Ghz Quad core processor, combined with 1 GB ensures you have a hang-free experience while juggle Temple run, Whats App and Candy Crush at the same time. 3. Android Kitkat: After a certain point, I think newer and newer version of OS won't matter. In the PC world, many users are still okay with WIn XP, I mean. I am certain people will be using Kitkat for 3-4 years without missing any major new functionality. 5. 8 MP main camera: This is more than sufficient in most of the usual camera opportunities - functions, office, travelling...I remember reading once that after 8 MP, regular users don't know the difference much.
Explaining the enthusiasm (damn good phone, at a damn good price) The most common complaints with reviews for new launches, even when people haven't started using them is "you have not used it yet", "only post reviews after a fortnight, else your verdicts are fake". I call B.S. on both complaints. Come on, we all know, all phones are made by Chinese or Taiwanese manufacturers, the brands just put their labels on them (exceptions: Some high end, Rs. 40000+ phones, even then one is not sure). I have used both Spice and Micromax phones and they have been as robust as far more expensive Samsung and other brand phones. Smartphones have reached a stage of evolution, when the basic feature sets have been standardized and tested, and under normal circumstances, all new models will work fine. Which brings us to the price point amd standard feature set points. It is commonly agreed now that 5" display, Quad core processor and 1 GB RAM are the basic standard. Whichever will set this functionality at the best price, backed by a reliable service infrastructure will win the market. And, Spice has done this time. This is a damn good phone, at a damn good price. So, in conclusion - If you want to buy a phone with a budget which doesn't burn a hole in your pocket, the Spice 502n one is definitely for you. If you're in college who is going to buy his first android smartphone and want a premium experience at low cost, this one is for you. If you want to gift your parents or siblings a new phone who never used a smartphone before, this is what you should be going for. If you're a critic for not including 13 MP camera, or 2.4 GHz processor, or 2 GB RAM or...even telepathic controls, wait. Wait for another 5-10 years till they launch the Galaxy S10 at 10k...
worst camera
gud mob for the price bt camera is nt upto the mark.......
INTERNAL STORAGE IS NOT AS SHOWING ON WEBSITE. its just 3.03 GB but shows 8GB ON WEBSITE FOR PRODUCT DESCRIPTION. MY FRIEND GOT THIS PHONE FROM AMAZON.IN BY C.O.D. AND GOT PHONE DELIVERED ON YESTERDAY, I SEEN THIS PHONE AND NEED TO GIVE REVIEW ABOUT ITS JUST NOT AS SHOWING ON WEBSITE.
The phone sucks. Almost burnt my ear by over heating .Battery ran out from 100 to 0 in just 2 hrs of calling and the phone was crazy hot. Games and apps work fine. But other than that everything especially the battery is terrible. I had to send the phone back to Amazon and get a new one. If you are looking for this price renge I'd suggest Intex aqua i5 Octa. Its way better when compared to this I got it replaced for the price difference and the phone looks fine.
good product by spice i like it reasonable and stylish.
If camera was also good. I would have given 5 stars.
The best is its class and worth your money. To people who think it has been released only last week how can one post review, I can only say this: I am sure no other branded mobiles are available at this price range and with this specs. These are good spces, specs that are standard in any top notch smartphone, ticking all the check boxes kind of best in class features - 5" display (with OGS technology), 1 GB RAM, 2000 mAh battery, Quad core processor.... Before you say anything, I recommend you compare this with other phones costing under Rs. 7000. Maybe it should have got a better flash, but at this price point, this is indeed good.
Nice phone, nice picture quality, smooth running
I am very much satisfy with my Spice Mi-520n
nice one
Good features for the price. Recommended.
Excellent work experience is very good
some time mobile had over temperature
hi, i have been using this phone for the last 2 weeks now and i absolutely love it....Apart from its good look and colorful back panels, it also has a powerful processor, a very long battery life and an amazing camera...For rs 7000, its totally worth its price...
Nice phone with good value for money
Excellent Mobile, Awesome features
For under Rs. 7000, you can get a lot of stuff: 5"display 1 GB RAM Quad core processor Decent 2000 mAh battery A pretty slim body (I read it is only 8.3 millimetres thick) The option of colorful interchangeable back panels And hindi typing facility This time, Spice might have gotten everything right, I think.
Bought the phone in December. Seem like a nice phone. I would say better than Micromax canvas 2 A120 in terms of performance and budget . Happy with spice mi 520n.
really its a smart phone
Very good performance.
This is a great phone with all features. I bought this on 2nd jan and i am totally satisfied will its quality and performance
awesom phon... tnxxx
Comes without hype, but delivers the goods A full featured 5-incher at less than 7000 is a great buy anyday. Much better than the hyped Moto e and other variants. I know, the real picture will appear after people have used it for a while. On a negative note: Aren't we going a bit overboard with colorful back panels idea? Nokia tried it. Look where they are! How many people around have you seen walking with a colorful, red phone? Indians like Black. Indians like white. Good phone, though.
Very much delighted
Camera is not good
Previously i was using samsung galaxy grand. After using SPICE Stellar 520n for 5 days, i didn't found any fault with this mobile. Only minor heating problem near flash area while watching videos on youtube, but that's not a major issue since heating problem is common in smartphones. The phone is very light weight and slimmest. (much much better than my old samsung galaxy grand). I recommend even others to go for it. One of the best mobile at such a low price. Wish i would have budget this month to purchase one more handset. SPICE Rocks......!!!!!!!!!!!!
Nice set for use
Its good indeed!
very nice phone
Amazing Product, no need to think more! because its better then descriptions nice and slim look good speed with long battery backup, I gifted it to my wife she is so happy because of the free back covers she always using different color according to her dress. She is very happy so why not I? Once again I am very thankful to amazon services for its fast delivery and a very helpful and dedicated customer support team (Chat Service) Regards Sandeep Kumar
Waste of money,Do Not Buy this product. Range Problem Battery Problem Call not Clear
i ordered this phone COD on 12th january 2015 and get this on 19th january. I am very happy to buy this . first i am afraid to order this, because some reviews are negative for this model and total spice. But now i am happy by this mobile.all apps are working an d heavy graphic games also.camera quality is awesome. I love Mi-520n. only one bad thing is when i played games the battery is drying fastly.
Its Awesome..
Average phone...look wise sometimes looks a premium phone but when u put the flip cover the phone looks like a Chinese phone...The sound of the phone is very loud like those of low cost Chinese phones in the market..screen resolution and touch response is great.. Phone is also filled with junk.. 3 extra back panels are an advantage..
Great phond
good phone
Nice Phone
Nice fone
Awosome...
Really nice camera.....pretty fast too
very good
EXCELLENT
An Awesum deal with loads of features at under 7000. Quad-core with 8MP camera with HD video recording... 2000 mAh battery seems decent enough at this range... Looks quite slim to be attractive Price-wise, it is a worthy buy.. Recommended for people looking at sub-7000 range
wow, super fast delivery and very good communication, thanks Amazon. Mobile is also very good, worth purchasing. Only problem is that due to glossy finish, its risky to handle. Spice should have provided matt finish [back] flip cover.
Not good
What a phone...it is better than Samsung. I own three spice phone (including this) and this phone is just amazing. Smooth operating system, does not hang, superb battery life. Highly recommend. Planning to gift one too :)
spice Mi-520n with features like android 4.4 Kitkat, 8 MP camera with 3G support, along side 1 GB RAM and also available in three black panels is a good phone to use. i am happy to have chosen Spice mi-520n.
Best mobile in this range..
@7k it's good... However if u can spend 2-3k extra then there are multiple better option. Only feature I am disappointed with is camera..... It's like a vga camera
Better
ITS o
Today I got this phone by.. amazom.. the phone is good but the both camera are f*ck-off... m not happy from this phone..
marvellous phone i love the advance features of this phone.it never hasngs as compare to other phones
Can't ask more at this price. Eagerly waiting for the phone to reach me. Ordered jus 2 days back.
Good
nice
good
Good
Awesome smartphone, I love it style & features. Best in its class budget phone.
Gud
Superb mobile.I like it.But i think this camera 4mp only.
Its really cool, camera quality is also very good
camera quality bad. but looking thin and nice
Ji
Camera image quality and focus not good
Phone is very good.Back colour is good.
very nice mobile....Thanks to Amazon
Sound quality was not good
its okay for this price
3 gb intarnal nikala 8. Gb ki jgha q aesa
i got defect product. mobile worked only for 2 hours. i will never buy from amazon.
nice
Spice Mi-520n not a good mobile. I Purchase a spice mi-520n mobile. Camera 8 MP but actual camera quality 4 MP. Picture is not very good. android 4.4.2 kitkat version on advertisement. But in mobile specification not a kitkat version and given android version is not update. Processor 1.3 guadcore is also very slow. Phone internal memory only 6 GB. 3GB for application and 3 GB for moblie data. In box given 8 GB internal memory. So I am not satisfied this mobile.
you must go for it
It's very nice
