B00R12CCU6
The best deal for this budget. You won't frankly regret after XOLO xperience. Goods. 1. Awesome looking phone..super sexy. 2. Great speed and fluid touch..comes close to i phone in touch. 3. Video clarity....simply mesmerizing. 4. The Octa core lets you run multiple apps at a time without slowing down. 5. Get a 3G recharge and there's no stopping u. 6. The 5.5 version does not have XOLO logo up in the front...so that makes it way better looking. Bads. 1. Front camera is BAD...when I say BAD. 2. Sound via loudspeakers not up to the mark. 3. Bit large for smaller hands. 4. Camera clarity is not good in low light. But it is acceptably good.
This is well a very awesome smartphone battery backup is awesome .. all works good ...loud speakers ... 1.4ghz octacore awesome speed hive themes are amazing
This is a superb smartphone which stands out from any expensive crap samsung or moto or htc has to offer. I feel proud again to say that its an indian phone which wont let you down. The only con I can find is that I am unable to find a back case or a flip case for it(Hoping to get it soon from amazon itself) Amazing Camera HIVE UI ROCKSS Octa core at work--phone didnt hang even after i was multitasking with morre than 5 apps at the same time Battery backup superrr I am in love with xolo 101 out of 100 from me
XOLO OMEGA 5.5 PHONE IS GOOD... **** PROS 1. AWESOME CAMERA 2. AWESOME RESOLUTION 3. AWESOME SPEAKER 4. GOOD PERFORMANCE 5. GOOD TOUCH 6. HIVE UI IS GREAT I GAVE FOUR STAR BECAUSE OF BATTERY. IT TAKING TOO MUCH TIME TO FULL CHARGE AND DRAIN BATTERY WITHIN 4-5 HRS OF 3G SURFING.... OVERALL IT IS A GOOD BUDGET PHONE.. .
sound system need to improve ,and maps and navigation not working properly
Best phone in budget.
Have no words to describe the work done by XOLO. Phone cost 9000, work's like 20,000.
good product frol xolo camera is good and the screen optimization is also good.
amazing product from xolo for this budget. camera is good too. good deal.
Pros: 1. Camera during day time is AWESOME, during night time its GOOD 2.No lag even while using 5-6 apps at a time. 3. Battery lasts for 24 hrs (Normal use+few shots and games) 4. Video playback is awesome with "Clear motion" option. Cons: 1. sound quality is not so good while listening to music using headphone. 2. Some games dont touch 30 fps(Frames Per Second). Didnt expect that from an Octa-core phone. Overall Its Very good phone under 10k
It is a good phone wen compared with price range
not so.. good at this price of 8300/-.
Good best
Good phone. Great interface..
Nice phone. For the budget its good. I was hoping the video to be more awesome for 13mp & sony, but stil better than 8 PM similar budget phones. lags at time in power mode normal, but is smooth in high power mode. Screen is huge and decent for videos and games. Overall a good specs budget camera phone.
Superb set
Awesome mobile for such a price. Very happy with the performance. Only issue is accessories are not yet available in the market or online.
Awesome phone guys. If u want to buy this phone don't think twice just go for it. Camera is very good :) I love this phone
Good
