B00R373AFA
First of all I didnt bought it from Amazon. I am very satisfied from this phone by micromax. Its worth every penny which you pay for it. Talking about the looks ... this phone looks premium and not cheap. Build quality is very impressive. Also the phone is very slim and looks much more expensive than it actually is. Performance: It has got a mt6582 1.3 Ghz quad core processor which performs like a beast. One can even play asphalt 8 adrenaline on it... Thanks to its 1 Gb of ram and mali 400 Mp gpu which handles almost every game smoothly. Camera: though the camera is of 5 Megapixels only but the image quality is very good. Also it can record videos in 1080p which is quite impressive considering the price range of this phone. Display: The resolution is 480 *854 Which is wvga .the colour reproduction and saturation is very good . I even played some fhd videos on it thanks to its processor and gpu. final verdict: this is the best smartphone which you can get in this budget segment. So just go for it. Some of my friends didnt belived that it costs only 6999 Rupees. So dont think twice and just buy it.
I am getting some screen touch problem in this phone. Screen of th cell gets stuck and moving ups and downs without touching. In that case I need to restart my phone. I am fed up with this problem and Need it's replacement.
I like the phone
The screen flickers on the second say and no display from the third day. The service center, the staff, service quality, information everything related to after sales service is awesome.
I brought this mob as a gift to my hubby, he loved it, it's vry sleek n light . Looks really gud, performance wise... So far vry gud. Happy wit the purchase 
full paisa wasool. The best part is the Android lollipop.
Battery Backup is only a demarit otherwise its awsom
i like it :) great...received fast :) happy
Awesome Phone. real value for money.
The mobile looks sleek and good.
I certainly love the mobile !!
gets heated up so soon.
Nice I like a99
Amazing..
Excellent
good
