B00SYFGRAK
Camera, processor, RAM and ROM, OS and on all other parameters, Lava Iris Grand x1 scores top marks. This has been the best phone by Lava mobiles and I’m toh become a complete fan of Lava mobiles after using this beauty for a week. I’d suggest that before blindly buying international money hungry brands, give a chance to Lava which is light on the pocket and offers the same specs.
My complaint - No battery charge back up in lava iris x1 grand, so I not interest in your site for future purchse, I kindly request to you please change it, thank you
LAVA is interested in making more devices, and providing it for lowest price as possible; instead of providing the better one. Lava Iris X1 Grand is successor of Lava iris X1. But device is outdated for the competition. Anyhow, the device specification is not worst, Better Performance with 1.3GHz Mediatek Quad Processor and 1GB Ram along KitKat OS. It may attract in the Race by its handy 5" Size, premium look and price range of Rs.7,000/- it is somewhat OK. But the device is too late for capitation, whereas YU device is on its way with better features for lowest price of Rs.8,999/- and lenovo A6000 with 5"HD and 8MP camera for Rs.6,999/- Key Features of Lava Iris X1 Grand: - 5-inch Touch screen with 854x480p resolution;196PPI, - Android v4.4.2(KitKat) OS, upgradable to v5(lollipop) - 1GB RAM, - 1.3 GHz mediatek Quad Core Processor with ARM Mali-400 GPU, - 8 MP Primary Camera with Sony Sensor and 2 MP Secondary Camera, - Dual Sim (GSM(2G) + WCDMA(3G)), - 16GB Internal Memory, - 2200mAh battery. Intelligent flip-cover and gesture control is the one which is much attractive for the price. Kindly click Helpful, if you agree. And So that Customers be-aware before Buying. And also Manufactures notice and Improve, Which featured should provide on board.
The All in one budget feature smart android phone. One Specification it has ARM Mali-400 MP2 GPU.
One word we can say AWESOME camera is good sound clarity is amazing But don't upgrade lollipop the battery drain in hours but in kikat it can be 1day of usage And intelligent flip cover.best budget phone
Nice phone, stylish look worth to buy!!!!!!!! budget of Rs.7500/- 1 problem is batter back up...... Thanks amazon
working good but battery dries little fast though unused
it is good to buy but touch pad is not up to the mark
BED SERVISES PRODUCAT SOFTEWEWAR DOWANLOAD
Low battery back up it is drain in hours.
Super performance....good product....
Gud product..worth for money
Suparb mobile
Best budget smartphone ever.... all the features, the RAM, the camera and others are outstanding... _/\_ hats off to LAVA mobiles...
Good
Did not met expectation, sorry
good phone not bad
