B00SV7ABS0
Phone was good with nice features but I got phone with slightly broken SIM slot and SIM tray was not proper in second slot. my SIM was blocked inside the phone and lost my card. Thanks to Amazon to take return my phone.Service of Amazon is fantastic, very prompt and customer perspective give 5+ rating to amazon.
It's very good phone. Just started using it.
I have been using my Panasonic Eluga S for more than 1.5 months now. I am very much satisfied with the phone, particularly the camera picture quality (8 MP), speed, design and earphone sound quality. Taking selfie is just a blink of the eyes now, and produces a true 5 MP picture. Panasonic brand also puts the phone in premium segment. Considering the quality & price, its definitely a better option compared to Moto-G.
phone looks great from outside...but what really matters is its software..though its running latest kitkat 4.4.2..it has a major glitch in it...when u pop out ur sim card slot and place ur sim in it for the second time, device is asking for password which we haven't created at all.....this problem doesn't occur when u first boot ur phone with sim card popped in....but when u replace ur sim card for the next time its asking for password...its annoying like anything...when u call customer care they would give u a password of 123456 which really doesn't work on this device...i gave the device to service center on 3rd march but having it for 3 days, service center people couldn't able to sort out this problem...hence they have sent my device main service center in Delhi to sort out the problem...After a month and half i got the phone in my hand from the local service center...what really surprised me after receiving it was the phone i got was really not my phone...they said they couldn't resolve the issue on ma phone hence they have given a new phone to me...i was happy at tat time since i got a new one but it did remained only for some hours...the new phone again troubled me...the sensors were not working and there was a creep sound exists always at the back as the phone was not well carved and the sd card slot cover got broken ...i called the regional sales head on phone but he was very arrogant by nature..He told tat this s the device for u and he cant provide assistance anymore and if you want to do anything u can do it...its done ...Hence i request the customers to think twice before buying a panasonic device....Don't go for panasonic devices as it is not worthy as they advertise in T.V or other medias....
Nice mobile. this is my first smart phone.lot of confusion for buying a mobile . in all online shopping web site.amz,FLP,ect.I got good review about Panasonic eluga s. Now iam using Panasonic it amazing. Slfi can qlty was subrbe. Front can also very nice, I recament this phone for all budjet 10k.looking people. Bye with my good selfi.
I have been using this phone for one month. This phone heats up very fast even for light use and once it heats up "no sim card detected" notification comes up. And when it cools down sim card gets automaticaly detected. This happens frequently. Cant even use facebook app for more than 5 mins!! It even heats up even when i go through photos in gallery. What a s***!! Have to give it for service. Dont risk purchasing this phone.. Try somethng good. #frustrated
phone looks good and performs well..but if u face any problem the service provided by the service centres is pathetic. i kept the mobile in my jeans and it got bended so there were some cracks on my screen(fragile screen). i contacted the service centre provided my the panasonic customer care and website, but to my shock the service centre address they provided were fake, on their website they provided seven service centres addresses but only two were functional other five were fake. Even those service centres dont care about u and they speak arrogantly and when u give your phone for any repair you have to wait nearly for 45 days for it to be repaired. I suggest to buy phones like samsung or sony or nokia which have good service centres. Phones performance is good and it looks good but , if the phone bends and breaks so easily when kept in pocket then its surely not worth buying if u wear jeans.. for persons who dont wear jeans and who can handle with care and people living in delhi can buy (because the main service centre is in delhi ).
Its a amazing cell ph..lyk,slim,beautifull,5" display 8 mp primary & 5 mp front camera..along wid a new feature 'BLINK'....that's automatically captured ur photos ,whenever u want to click..just open ur camera & blink it enjoy ur full images to click as clear...
Very nice phone
Non removable battery is only issue
V good phone , clear hd display is beautiful , user friendly , good camera .
Vinoth b this is for u dear. This problem is due to u enter the security feature for mobile lost at DAT time u enter a number try to get password from that number your problem will be solved and don't blaim Panasonic for the same. Its awsum
Very awesome android phone Crunchy sound experience HD video experiance Awesome speed In short mobile quality and performance is very great Paisa vasool mobile Thanks amazon I love this Panasonic eluga s
I Just ask Amazon and dilevar product in the same day I like the phone however need to check how the performance after using for long time but like amazon fast service. Thanks
3.5 star Good phone , but 2GB would be better Disappointed with outdated 3GP video output, need converter even to share :( Software has lot of bugs, no word about Lollipop update
Very nice slick phone. Battery is excellent lasts for 24 hours with GPRS. Camera is also good, display and touch is excellent. Headphones are very nice and stereo sound is excellent
nice to use this, sometimes gets hangs for 2-3 secs when the continuous use of apps while charging , losing battery rapid while surfing , rest of the things are good in this .
Its a good phone at this price range, however the phone heats up very soon. I am also not able to install applications on my SD card, the option seems to be missing.
Panasonic Eluga S is the Best phone in this range. It has nice look , very Good Camera quality and amaizing Touch .
Nice phone in 10k budget its not gaming phone it heatsup while gaming other features r good camera & blink play amazing
Good Phone . good clarity , light weight . Using it for more than 2 months.No problem so far .
panosonic eluga s iz very best phone very nice future I just using panosonic iz best cell
Very good buy...at this price range its worth and performance is also very good.
great phone, excellent for camera lovers with others lots of good features.
Gud phone It have its own new softwares and lednear sensor works gUD
Superb phone don't hang any time use this phone .you think better
I received damaged one and returned back without any issue.
Good product
Can you get a better phone in this budget????? This is the best phone in this budget
Best phone in thish renge. Better then other brand.
Kidu super
Best phone buddies very nice ad rate is very nice
Yes good Mobile Battery not removable.
Very stylish and sexiest phone ever.......
Good but regarding ram it shows less
Awesome is not perfect word for this phone... It's a "super se v upar" phone. Just get it guys. I just love this device. Only think to worry is non removable battery.
Nice
Sm times it hangs
filling awesome
VERY BAD ....
Good product
Jst purchased d phne ystrdy from amazon, under same day delivery option n awsum service by amazon-hats off 2 u people... Abt Phone- Lookin out for technology, clarity n muc more jst buy dis phone blind folded excellent is a also small word.. Great Phne at Gud price.. Thanxxx for makin ma day special on valentine..
nice one...
very good
Too good
this phone was awesome.A better phone in nice budget.It's touch was very nice and the blink play was very helpful.I suggest all the viewer to take this phone. Believe me it is a vary nice phone at this budget.
Awesome Phone, very Nice Video/Audio Quality!
That phone looks cool and has very good build quality
Phone is very Nice but I got a problem as Its Sim card tray was damaged , I am replacing it and will buy from a general mobile store as he can replace it hand to hand.
