B00TB7NSOS
I like HTC and I buy first time HTC company mobile in amazon. I buy before LUMIA Mobile in Amazon.in Let us about HTC desire 526g plus 16gb 1.Camera 8 mp with flash very good, 2 mp front facing cam also nice in good, 2. Internal 16gb was extraordinary accet for this product, below 10k. 3. The octa core processer work nice, 4. Overall nice product Dis advantages: 1. The mobile very much heating above 45 -47 degrees to use internet or charging on wards. 2. Mainly the mobile taking 3 hours of time for full charging, and it will fastly drinaged with in 5 hours only with using anyy internet or games. While internet or games r running only 2 to 3 hours only the charging was down to 30 percentage.
Within a few days the Glossy finish of the Phone started peeling. Due to the limited return policy of the phone, the phone cannot be exchanged and we are at a loss.
AMAZING PERFORMANCE... GOOD VALUE TO THE MONEY....
Do not buy this phone. It's a fine phone but the glossy finish (paint) will start coming off in about 10 days and will look like it's months old. Better to save some more money and buy another, better phone. Don't waste your money on this. There's a reason why people don't buy HTC handsets.
Nice budget phone. But heats up very fast and the plastic coating has started removing.
HTC mobile makes you unique ...dis is budget phone of HTC Gud battery backup with Gud performance of Octacore processor camera is Gud..overall it's worth budget phone..I never except dis from HTC...
Yes, I like this phone and the best thing I received delivery before given date :) There is no substitute for HTC quality and Amazone's services :) About phone, it's handy camera quality is awesome, 16 GB internal memory, 1.7 GH processor. All is well......in reasonable price. Only RAM is 1 GB which is more then enough for mobile devices if you are not playing heavy games.
on the very outset i was in dilemma to purchase which mobile phone? I am fully satisfied with the features provided by this set . Very handy and slick . picture and sound qualities are immaculate . It pays back your full money worth. I shall want to purchase another set for my wife and recommend it to purchase to my friends and relatives.
It's a very good deal in this price range, As well as it's performance is so good , From Camera to multi tasking. Battery really better than most of the high range HTC phones. Heating might be a problem but it doesn't matters to me, I'm Happy with this phone under my budget. Thanks HTC
Brought it after loosing note 4. It is very good at such low price. Thanks to HTC
Nice phone
Very nice phone at this price.Good internet access .Overall all features are good and easy to carry.
Amazing camera, awesome touch, gorgeous and sexy looks. Perfext phone so far. Received yesterday and didn't checked battery backup though but played games for 2 hours wd out charging so far and it seems gr8test deal in this range.
superb
This product has temprTure problem sometime it reaches 50degree. Other wise it is very good.
value for money...thanks amazon for shipping in a single day!
overall good product. and htc means brilliant guys. buy it.
phone is superb with budget price and specs also gr8
Light weight n its within ur budget.. Satisfied :-)
all performenes are good but , 1 big problem is that body paint is remove, i n fornt or back side cover paint is remove
Very disoppoint with this mobile. Plastic coating of back side is removing within 10 days of purchasing looking ugly.
Very good mobile ,go for it..
First ever I had bought the product from htc.... After using this phone for one month and the kind of serviceability the htc have, I would like to say one of the worst experience, I have ever had. The phone is getting heated up so much during the calls and net usage, that u will not be able to use during that period. Phone discharge easily even in standby mode within a short span of time. It takes 8 hours to complete recharge the battery!! The service is pathetic. It's one of the touughest to catch the technical representative on toll free no!! In the end they have replaces my phone due to manufacturing defect, for that I have to run around their service and retailer coz the product even after mfg defect can be replaced only by the retailer from whom u have bought this. The retailer like spice hotspot will treat u like like he is giving u a phone on free of cost. The takes their own time to replace it. In case u have shifted from one city to snother, u have to go back to the city where u have bought the HTC product. There is no reason to buy htc. Phones and services from Samsung is much better than HTC.
Simply Superbbbb!!!!!!!!
very nice product
Not so good
Ok good
Not a new generation mobil. HAVE A NANG PROBLEM,AND HEAT PROBLEM AT BECK SIDE AND ALSO PROBLEM WHILE CONNECT TO WINDOWS XP.AND HTC CUSTMER CARE ARE NOT SUPPORT PROPERLLY.
Camera(primary)is not up to the mark,, And the serious problem is that the coated color is getting faded day by day,, Performance is good by the way,,
Good
I bought from local shop. It has problem with battery and WiFi. Not a good phone for boys.
awesome phone
Good
Hi
