B00TS2GD2K
I won't say that dont buy this phone. But you should consider the following points. :- 1) within the first month,the head phone jack malfunctioned,the customer service centre or the so called headquaters of salora was much worse like a fish market. nevertheless,they given back the fone aftr 1 week. 2)again same prob. occured after 2 month of use. They took 1 week to solve it. 3)I know you won't believe as my parents didnt believed it too. But in the 5th month(just b4 holi) my screen cracked and the reason was, that i dropped my earpiece on its screen(Was shoked as hell). Again rushed to the care center and the shocked me even more with the info they gave about my screen,they told me(after an hour of waiting) "it will cost you 4500". So now the fone was nothing more than a trash. Now you decide what to do. Hare Krishna. :)
Hey guys ! don't perchase the salora mobile product it is well until is no problem if any problem will occur then ur mobile will be worst bcoz u there is very few service center and customer care both are thief they will hardly listen ur problem and treat them badly and after repaired they demand money as they want. Hardly I visited a service center in tilak chowk kalyan even my mobile powers z1 was in warranty periods yet I had to paid him 2000 rs worst customer service so beware friends
Its awesome, using from a month,no problems till date. If looking for a gud phone than don't always follow for brands that charges more for the same features. Its handy in 7k. I got lots of appreciation for this. It would have better if it comes with 2gb ram :)
I am a user of arya z3. its a very good phone. a mobile with so many features available in such low amount is great. camera quality is also superb. all features are great. sufficient memory, gud display, fast and slim
Excellent build quality and performance. Having ~6 GB memory available both for apps and files makes apps downloads very convenient and never running out of memory for my favourite apps Prompt replies from the silcare has been great and hope this continues. For now a very satisfied customer. I am using since 3 Weeks now, it is awesome product, full satisfaction, Battery satisfactory performance
great looking, good features, awesome look
I am an owner of Arya Z2 which is not working now. Within a moth the Microphone gone. the service centre team in Bangalore said it would take three weeks to get it replaced. Finally my mobile mic was replaced with an used/old mic and that too gone with in a week. Dont buy this for its features. Buy a branded mobile instead of buying this for less price.
hi i would like to say that. Arya Z3 is wonderful product. the camera quality is good. but signal issues are there with this set.
There. Is no flip cover and screen guard available for Arya z3
This mobile problem for network data through Sim can't be open
2G speed is very slow. But other function is very good
I am quite satisfied with ARYA Z3 and worth its price. It has all the features which I look for. There are two short comings. 1. I have not been able to get the anti scratch screen film and a cover for the smart phone in Mumbai. Since this is not a popular brand in Mumbai the market does not have the accessories which is a bit dis heartening. Why can't Amazon provide this to buyers. 2. Battery life is short.
Poor Battery BackUp and poor call voice clearity
In one word "awesome"
Very nice in this price
Arya Z2 battery backup was poor, so this in the same category . no service centers near to your place.
Buy and try something new .. Get out of the vivicious circle of branded mobiles who take all the money out of ur pocket spend in the ads.. And give u just nothing.. Go ahead and get Arya Z3.. And to all haters plz get a life.. !!!!
GOOD MOBILE
Good Performance so far. Option to have black and white screen which is battery saver
Not a good product.Battery is not that much powerful. Camera is Okay in outdoor but low light pictures are very bad. On my set I am facing a issue i.e. the auto brightness sensor is not working properly. And there's a strange problem in Wifi, I always get an error "NVRAM WARNING: Err = 0x10" I don't know what the hell is this. Overall it is a ok device.
The Salora Smartphone are worst in quality... It heat near the ear and battery needs 2-3 times charging in a day...company service center is also not exclusive to salora..they have subcontracted to any shop guys who trick with you..overall a bad choice to get it....
Very nice
dont buy salora mobiels no serviceing center in india
Using it for almost 2 months now... Value for money.. All I can say... And.. As you can see all the other comments have been about aryaz2.. Not.. Arya z3... The difference between the z2 & the z3.. Is not just the model no. They have actually worked on it... Enough said I guess...
this phone net is very slow not good dont take anybody. but camara is good
hi guys...i am not saying this the best but there are brands like samsung, htc, sony etc...if this companies make such phones with such build quality they will price it above 15k and that's because they put lots of money in marketing on tv, internet, radio and all..in order to recover all this investment they price more on there phones, Also this marketing gives them a brand name and trust which will result in large number of sales and all the money is recovered with profit. But here comes a phone will same build quality , specs, features everything good and half of that rate and then people think it must be chino cell...no its not..companies like this they do not invest in marketing so they can sell their products at attractive price. I recommend this product because it has a good build quality and really good specs and at an unbeatable price..as good as any other branded phone...
bad
worst dont buy it
Its Media Tek processor and only 1Gb Ram, more ram space and storage may be prefilled with apps
PLEASE DONGT BUY THIS PHONE THIS IS THE WORST PHONE I HAVE EVER SEEN
I buy this arya z3 and I found nice phone in budget I am exited about lolipop on arya z3 .. Nice flash... Value for mony phone Nice budget phone
Please public dont purchase these type of mobiles which wont give long life convinience,because i have purchased arya z2 mobile.5 months happened the battery got swollen and iam searching for service centers . please think once while buying...........
Very god prise god phone
I have been using the phone for about two weeks now, and everything seems to be OK. The build is very good. The sound quality is not that very high as other mobiles, but since I am not a game nor loud music player, I like it that way. Wifi connection and other tools work very well.
NIce Super mobile
Great phone to have....value for money...good camera...good speaker...battery stays longer....good user interface...good gaming !!!
HI Friends don't buy this phone bcoze i take Z2 it is not working propely
Dear friends, I, my cousin and my friends had purchased Arya Z2 four months back. Mine and my cousin's head phone slot become non-working. Mine and my friend's handset was getting switched off though the battery status was at 90%. Too, too much heating. My battery had become a pillow and it's not getting fitted into the slot. My handset never fall nor any moisture problem. I had gone to a service centre in Kolkata. The people out there were very decent. They sent the handset to the company's service location. They company's service executive haven't even bothered to see the condition of the battery and returned to the service centre after 10 days saying everything is OK. The build quality is bad than the worst. Never buy Arya mobiles. They don't have the service mentality at all.
i used arya a1+ it is good and i think z3 also.
Excess heating problem in these sets.
