B00T9NCHS2
Very good device at such a cheap price. Plastic back cover sometimes looks odd but can protect your phone well. Overall very happy with the performance so far. Next upgrade model is 532 (Rs.6300) or 535 (Rs.7800). The major difference is camera pixels - remaining all features are mostly the same of 435 (Rs.4800) I recommend to buy this along with a back flip cover.
It's a good deal. Touch is not feather-touch-responsive but overall phone is good with all essential features included.
Not useful for internet connection . Using only 2g even 3g network available.. Lots of more issues..
NO LED FLASH LIGHT THE ONLY REASON I CANNOT PURCHASE THE MOBILE
quick delivery, no fuss purchase of a good phone
Nokia 435 comes equipped with a Qualcomm Snapdargon 200 proccessor with an Adreno 302 gpu. And it the dual core one MSM8210 1.2 ghz cortex A7 one and not even the quad core 1.2ghz MSM8212. This is too bad for the price of 6k what Microsoft is asking for. Yes it's definitely a good initiative from Microsoft to provide an alternative lumia for the budget seekers but I think this phone is dated. Plus why should some one go for Lumia 435 when you can get Lumia 630 with a Snapdragon 400 cpu and a clear black 4.5 inch IPS screen for 6k. Yeah it's true that Lumia 435 comes with 1gb ram but it simply doesn't have the cpu nor the gpu to fully capitalize on. Since this is a windows phone the 512 mb of RAM would be more than enough for all day to day usage and only while gaming on high graphics the defieciency of RAM maybe felt. People looking for a good phone at this price (irrespective of the OS i.e Windows or Android) go for Android one for 5.5k or you can even wait for the Redmi 2 that's expected to come in a few months for 6k. Microsoft introduces this phone at a time when budget users are spoilt for choices with so many alternatives at their disposal. Had they done it a year before then it might have attracted buyers but not now. plus their pricing policy is also strange! They are even competing with themselves by making Lumia 630 sell for a similar price!
Good mobile in best price
good ...only flash is missing...good in this rangr ....picture quality is good .....battery backup is better than android
Just need to upgrade the camer features. else, everything is good. fluent, nice screen etc.
Phone is good at this price but Microsoft store service too slow.......
Its amazing window 8.1 mobile and i am really happy to used this phone.
