B00T4GLD16
In india, at least, it is not going to get any good response.
fire your r&d team, with ideas like this you cannot beat xiaomi/lenovo/micromax
Buy this only if you have some excess money in your wallet and have absolutely no clue what to do with it. For Rs 7000, you can get far better spec'd phones from other brands. It's 2015 Samsung, not 2012.A high profile OEM like Samsung should at least provide 1GB Ram when selling devices for this Price range. They don't do this coz they think ppl will buy a phone looking at the brand not the specs. Not anymore. Naming a few to consider over this with 1GB Ram 1) Lenovo A6000 2) Xiaomi Redmi 1S 3) Android One devices 4) Micromax Unite 2 5) Huawei Holly etc
Worst phone ever !!!! 512 mb ram???? are you kidding me?? this is 2015, with phones like Redmi 1s have delivered 1 gb for just 6999 way back in 2014!!!!!! Grow up Samsung!!!!! Ask your developers to build a good phone and not to waste time on these!!! To add on - If you buy it today for 7k and try to sell it after a month, you can hardly get Rs.500 !!!!!!!
I really don't know how Samsung making this kind of crap phone. But the best comedy part is amazon madness by selling this. The worst configuration over priced mobile in 2015. It doesn't even worth for ₹3000.
Samsung.. You guys must be blind to not see your market share eroding day by day.. still you guys bring such dumb phones at this price...!!!!
Samsung... kindly learn from others...growup to latest tech and handsets offers by competitive companies... don't be over-confident on your past performance as well as unaware earlier Indian market (Nokia [now Microsoft] still paying price of over-confidence in India in past), now Indians are no more fools that they buy such an item when lot many other better-best alternatives available at lesser price.. Earlier you only need to fight with few companies but now there are lot many for you, with better specs, competitive price and also after sales services, as per my own experience samsuung is no more differs in after sales service with all this other brands and I am sure many of other Indians will agree for that Samsung you already loosing worlds biggest market i.e. China and I am 1000% sure that next will be India, if you don't change your mindset of over-confidence+market leader (by Valuewise and not perhaps by Vloumewise)...failure I am predicting for your new A-series handsets which provides Hybrid SIM+Memory card i.e. either second SIM will work or SD Card (perhaps you didn't seen Micromax's failure for his past 'Cameo' Model...) Can you imagine the MAJOR/ MAIN reason for earlier success of Samsung in India?....Yes, you are right Availability of accessories and spares whenever someone needs [challenge you that ask to thousands layman preferring why samsung, you will get mostly this reason for choosing samsung) ... ....but fortunately (and unfortunately for samsung) other players have started providing such things with handsets itself and that has lead to their success in past and will be in future... Good Luck Samsung to Loose 2nd largest handsets demand market of the world...INDIA
Samsung Need to change his R&D team, already 1gb ram with quad core processors available in the market for the price of just 6999 seee lenovo a6000.
How on the earth samsung try to sell a crap phone like this @7190. It's an end of samsung era. Wake up samsung!!! Please ask your designers to think!! 95% of your smartphones have the same design.
512 MB ram.... even wats app will hang on this. No need to release it poor samsung....
If samsung will continue designing this type of phone then other brands will overtake samsung in near future.Micromax already has come at no 1 in India. Design of this phone is almost same as other samsung phones.Samsung does it again and again. Ram is only 512. Processor and camera is fine for this budget phone.
I cant stop laughing seeing the specs. Look at the pathetic screen, only 4.3 and WVGA res and that too for TFT. And the thicker than a6000. I think they had designed this phone two years back. They might have ran out of ideas so dumping those from the library with the 3 year old specs.
Clearly Samsung is out of it's mind. They are trying to sell a sub-standard smartphone (in terms of specifications and as a result the user experience as well) for over Rs. 7,000 in 2015 when there are smartphones like the Lenovo A6000, YU Yureka, Xiaomi Redmi 1S, Xiaomi Note 4G, Android One smartphones, ASUS Zenfone series, Huawei Honor Holly, Motorola Moto E and Moto G, Micromax Canvas Turbo, etc. There is absolutely no reason to buy the Galaxy J1 in 2015. It is a "smartphone" that should have been launched in 2012 or should be priced below Rs. 4,000.
Amazon exclusive Samsung phone launched in 2015 with only 512 MB RAM with a price of around 7000. There is nothing special in this phone that can justify this price tag. 1. RAM - 512 MB. With the kind of memory management Samsung has you expect this phone to hang and lag numerous times. Instead, you can buy phones with 1 GB RAM at a much lower price from various manufacturers. 2. Camera - 5 MP. With this price tag, one expects at least an 8 MP camera. 3. Android - v4.4.4 Kitkat. One expects to buy a phone with lollipop in 2015. 4. Processor - A7 dual core 1.2 GHZ. Its fine, but need to see the performance once we use it.
Worst Specs, a top of the line company can ever give!!. What's their strategy, to go down like Nokia/Blackberry did. They really have to do some serious re-thinking on their overall price strategy. None of their phones, they have released in the current year are upto the mark as far as price is concerned. Wish someone from samsung should see these reviews.
Wake up Samsung..! Just look at the specs 5MP Camera 512Mb Ram 4.3-inch WVGA PLS display 1850mAH lithium-ion battery Great right.? You guys might beat other brands by changing one thing, just one thing.. The price.! make it priced Rs.2999.
Well the price should be Rs4000/- for this specifications not Rs7000/-...!!! My galaxy star duos GT-S7562 was a waste piece after using it for 11 months only and its a cap now. Going to purchase a new one definitely not samsung...
Deserves a negative rating! Lol :D Even 2GB RAM phone is available for near 7000! Let alone dual core & other pathetic specs. And also there's the super laggy touchwiz!! Even 3Gb RAM phones tend to hang thanks to Touchwiz! Lol :D
JOKE JOKE JOKE JOKE JOKE....512 MB..HAHAHA...ONLY 512 MB RAM FOR 7000 RS. SAMSUNG U R RANKED 2ND IN INDIA..SOON YOU WILL BE RANKED 12TH IF KEEP ON LAUNCHING LAUGHABLE PRODUCTS. DONT CONSIDER INDIA AS A DUMPING GROUND.
it is very out dated mobile. it come with dual core processor now octa core is in market. samsung is making profit form there market revenue. it has only 512 mb ram which are very low.
Please Samsung please launch some good budget phones
A phone with an MRP or 8400 has just 512 MB RAM & 4GB RAM while anything above 5K easily gives 1GB RAM & 8GB ROM. Samsung are you kidding?? Customers will show their middle finger soon.
Just dumb, Cant get Worse than this.... sad for people who have purchased this phone. Better stick with Asus Zenfone 5 8gb which has 2gb of ram or Lenovo A6000
j1 mobile is better than core 2. 217ppi better picture quality. clarity is good. low ram 512mb. and retail shop price is 7200rs.but Amazon price is 7490rs..
At least 1 GB RAM was expected. Dual core is okay but the RAM is seriously low. Moto E has 1 GB RAM and nearly same configuration but is priced at Rs. 5999.
It should be 1GB RAM with this price!!
Low feature High price It is good if available in 4000-5000 rs. Lava iris x1 Mini is much better than samsung J1 @ 4000/-
seriously samsung...hv u lik completely lost it...stop trying to cover the market for 5 to 10k mobiles...u r done...
best phone of the year 2010
Please dont buy this phone. There are much better alternatives in the market at this price bracket.
it is good to buy redmi note 1s @7000/- and it has 1 gb ram with speed processor, if you even wanted to buy this phone it is struck...struck....struck.....struck....struck....struckING samsung phone's. all samsung phones waste, never BuY.
Worst configuration mobile of the year 2015. I really don't want even if you given this as free.
no one cares SAMSUNG. You better just quit the competetion in midrange phones!!
512mb ram with qvga resolution for Rs 7000/-? Is this a phone from 2011-12??
SAmsung!TROLL!!! Your era to come down!! Look at the config!!
Never buy a samsung mobile with 512 mb ram
Worst ever,. Ha ha lol....
Sh*t from Samsung again
Very Very Bad Phone.
-high quality build,very slim body, very smooth finishing, -super voice clarity, -back 5mp cam, front 2mp cam-both are very good,powerfull flash,amazing self photos with palm recognization tech, -good battery back up, 2 to 3 days battery back up for normal use, -ram 512 mb only, but its enough for normal user, may not be for heavy gamers, -net speed good, other brands may available with more /better ram,cam,screen, but samsung have ultimate quality in cam,screen,long life,reliable brand, i like it,
very bad future
Out of 37 reviews, nobody is a verified purchaser. I think its not a good thing to give 1 star review just because it has very low specs compared to new budget phones. Also the A-series phones are really good, but priced 5k or 10k higher. This is just another phone overpriced as all other Samsung phones. I will say Just buy this phone, if you relatives working in Samsung! or if they reduce the price to 4k. PS: I give 5 stars so that it will appear on top of the review :D
good
rocking smart phone
