B00T9NDHU4
I bought this phone for my mom. It is her first smartphone and she did not even know how to operate a touchscreen phone earlier. The best thing about windows phone is that even a new owner can get used to it in no time. My son, though just 7, is quite well versed with smartphones and loves to play games. He has installed several racing games and one or two games that require high-end graphics. What I was pleasantly surprised was how this phone plays all those games. There is no lag whatsoever. the screen in itself if quite decent, and way better than xaomi or Micromax phones. The camera is another big plus. Though it is just 5MP it takes better pictures than MotoG (2nd gen). 1 MP secondary camera is also bright and clear enough for video calls and you would not notice any graining and drop in quality during video calls. The battery life is good. Though my mom is not a heavy user at all, but with her mild and my son's gaming usage, it lasts about 1.5 - 2 days comfortably. Last but not the least: build quality is amazing for an entry level phone. The plastic is pretty decent and it does not feel cheap. Overall a simple basic design, but an effective one.
Nokia 532 comes equipped with a Qualcomm Snapdargon 200 1.2ghz quad core MSM8212 proccessor with an Adreno 302 gpu. This is just okay for the price of 6k-7k. Yes it's definitely a good initiative from Microsoft to provide an alternative lumia for the budget seekers but I think this phone is dated. Plus why should someone go for Lumia 532 when you can get Lumia 630 with a Snapdragon 400 cpu and a clear black 4.5 inch IPS screen for 6k.Yeah it's true that Lumia 532 comes with 1gb ram but it simply doesn't have the cpu nor the gpu to fully capitalize on. Since this is a windows phone the 512 mb of RAM would be more than enough for all day to day usage and only while gaming on high graphics the defieciency of RAM maybe felt.Even you can go Lumia 638 with all the internals of Lumia 630 plus the 1GB of RAM is available at 7k, i.e the same price of 532! Since not only the performance, even the screen quality of 638 is much better than this. People looking for a good phone at this price (irrespective of the OS i.e Windows or Android) go for Android one for 5.5k or you can even wait for the Redmi 2 that's expected to come in a few months for 6k. Microsoft introduces this phone at a time when budget users are spoilt for choices with so many alternatives at their disposal. Had they done it a year before then it might have attracted buyers but not now. plus their pricing policy is also strange! They are even competing with themselves by making Lumia 630/638 sell for a similar price! Only pro of this phone is that it is a dual sim variant while the 638 is not. But you can get a dual sim variant of 630. And only for this feature I am providing 3 star. Otherwise it would have been two! If you liked my review kindly press the like button below and support me to write more reviews like this in future!
I am using this Phone for last two days, Its extremely Fast and intutive and I am amazed of this kind of Phone for this Price Point. Great!
An awesome phone worth features it gives..u cant get anything better.. Line the word flow keypad
BEST BUY AT THIS PRICE RANGE. ONLY DRAWBACK- CAMERA FIXED FOCUS
NO LED FLASH.THE ONIY REASON I CANNOT PURCHASE THE MOBILE.
Great Look... Average Display... Processing Great...
Wow.... Great phone for its price....
It is a good phone for the price.
Satisfied. Reasonallbly priced.
