B00U8VN7ZG
best budget phone ,loved it !!! i don't think ,if these features are in a samsung or micromax ,we have to pay almost 8k or 10k !!! am using this phone at almost 2 weeks,till no any problem !! stylish look , and one important thing that ,this phone is an indian origin!!! am recommending to every indians to buy this product ,u will never dissatisfied !!
Happy to get that phone ...... It's so much like an SAMSUNG ...... Very low in price to
Just got my arya...quite an amazing phone with so many features i didn't expected..its a best phone in this price range..no other company provides such features even at 10 k range..thumbs up.. :) And the main thing is i can play asphalt 8 without any lagg... :D
Truly A1+ First day impressions: 100% VFM device: For less than 6k bucks, the design is killer, one like that of premium phones. If the brand is not noticed (printed on the back), it can easily be mistaken for a high end device like a nexus/htc. The phone does not feel cheap in hand at all. No Android device in this segment has such premium looks yet. Good call quality and decent speaker. Sound is a little bit plasticky (very slightly), but does the job well and is loud and clear enough for calls, songs and movies. There are 3 back panels provided in the box. A bright red, a white and a black. All 3 complement the phone pretty well. Pros: Feels perfect in the hand thanks to its 4.5 inch screen, unlike devices with 5 inch screens, that make it difficult to reach the other corner of the screen with one-handed usage. Screen is pretty sharp and has decent colours. No bloatware and minimal pre-loaded apps. Customized and smooth UI. Almost 6 GB available for apps/media. Capability to move apps to external storage (micro SD card). Volume rocker and Power/Unlock buttons are on 2 different sides, making it easy to use with one hand, the thumb for the power button and the index finger for the volume buttons. The buttons do not wobble and the built quality is pretty decent. Good viewing angles in all directions. Comes with a factory installed screen protector, a glossy one. Cool gesture access to apps (customizable to any app), right from the lock screen. Expandable memory, OTG support and wireless display capability with compatible TV's/HDMI dongles. The 2 sim card slots are a micro sim and a normal (mini) sim each. This is pretty useful in case you need to pop in someone else's sim card into your phone. Both the sim cards can work on a 3G network, so no more swapping sim cards just for 3G data. Audio enhancement option, for better quality output through the 3.5 mm jack. Cons: Although the battery is a decent 2000 mah, it does seem to be draining faster than expected. Charged it to a 100% and is already in 70's, in less than 3 hours of initial setup and app installs.Below medium screen brightness. This was however with both the sim cards installed, and a lot depends on the signal strength. The feather buttons on the bottom of the screen DO NOT light up. Thats such a bad bad thing. It takes a little getting used to. Lit buttons are a bare minimum expectation on any phone. The buttons do glow a very bright Red outdoors. Rear camera quality is average. Front cam does the job for video calls and decent outdoor selfies. Earphones in the box. Not worth mentioning about.. Slight heat near the LED flash during long usage and while charging, but negligible. Need to remove battery for sim card and sd card removal. Final words: One really cant complain much about anything, keeping in mind the price point this was launched at. Excellent value for money given the premium design and decent specifications. A definite buy, specially if this is your first android phone, or maybe a second phone, at least to show off the killer looks ;) Antutu score: 18472
pretty much satisfied with the performance.good battery back up,good ram performance,sharp screen,good decent cam both front and rear. just gets a bit heat up while using net and a bit heavy thats why i m giving 4 stars. otherwise each penny is worth @ this price. i would recommend this to everyone having low budget and want performance not the name, you must go for it
I searched in all the sites ,no where in this price such a beautiful mobile is available .camera is superb.its OTG facility is like anything. only one drawback is its heating while using long time internet, rest is very satisfactory . around ten people purchased this set after seeing mine. one should go for it.Its flip cover is not available now.
Its a great phone at this price having no problem till now Games are running very smoothly good screen size except it heats up while using and headphones are of cheap quality but give good clear sound Manufacturer should solve heating issue And I don't know whether other are facing problem or not many time while I press a on touch pad its doesn't work it might be only my device is having problem but you must go for it as they are having customer care all over india but there customer care does not respond to you
Ya this is one of the amazing mobile which i had by last month i.e., "Arya A1 Plus"... As i was searching an android mobile which is suitable to my Budget with lots of features but only with 5K.,.. i was feeling like OMG how will i get android mobile but suddenly when i was buffering about mobiles i got Arya A1 plus then i start to searching about this then i got this is fully featured mobile which i was searching with my budget.. as am viewing reviews then i got all positive reviews and also some negative.. My Coluges also told that for 5,000/- buks it is very reasonable.. But i had in mind there is no service station still i want to purchase this as This is my First Android Mobile and about "Arya A1 Plus as How Arya movie make us to Feel the Love like this, this mobile also feels me same". I really have crush on this mobile yar,.,.,. Primary and Secondary Camra is no words,.. Its like Sony's Camra. As i start to using Camra my coluges are told me that may be Sony Camra's company merged with this that type of Camra is their. For whom to love to take Selfies its really really awesome, but i have also negative as if we use more than 10 Minutes back side around Camra its coming to heat and battery backup is its like Average mode. If you charged 100% and start operating than approixmetly 5-6 hours backup if u start using only for calls in between 15 minutes browsing 15 minutes for gaming then battery backup will give you for more than 26hrs.... You know why i gave 4 star instead of 5 because of Battery. One more thing i read as something about call disconnected, hanging and all but as i was using from past 1 months still i didnt got anything and I fully believe that in future also i will not get any problem apart from Accessories and Battery.. This Arya A1 plus is Super Rocking Mobile for 5K :)
Hellow everyone, m reviewing this after 5 days of use.. 1.phones design/look is so beautiful attractive.. 2.software and hardware compliments best each other.. 3.battery is so good.. Eg charged it at morning.. listened music 2 hours.. Watched 25 overs on hotstar(hd video) .. Clicked some birthday photos and videos on the same day... And believe me still battery was 38%.. 4. Processor 1.3 GHz and quad core were really amazing.. No lags found during 5 days of use.. Games like fruit ninja, temple run oz, subway surfer worked well without lags.. WhatsApp worked fine.. This mobile supports almost everything.. 5. Wi-Fi and data connection was good too.. Gave me good Wi-Fi downloading speed and for 3g 2g as well.. 6 one GB RAM is next to awesome thing.. With 8 GB internal storage yeah it's 8gb .. 7. camera is 5 mp with 8 mp clarity with true colours.. It's just amazing in that price range.. Even low lights pictures were good enough. Better than by Sony experia.. Front camera is 2mp with 5mp clarity.. Video recording as all ways full HD.. 8. It have some good features.. You can access camera by drawing "C" in the looked screen.. WhatsApp by w.. 9 IMO phone is fantabulous.. Must buy product.. Just amazing ..thank you amazon and thank you Salora for such sexy and full feature mobile.. Go for it..
do not buy arya a1plus mobile it is having huge heating problem except it evrything is fine but the heating we will not able bare....
There are brands like samsung, htc, sony etc...if this companies make such phones with such build quality they will price it above 10k and thats because they put lots of money in marketing on tv, internet, radio and all..in order to cover all this investment they charge more money also this marketing gives them a brand name and trust which will result in large number of sales and all the money is recovered with profit. But here comes a phone will same build quality , specs, features everything good and half of that rate and then people think it must be chino cell...no its not..companies like this they do not invest in marketing so they can sell their products at attractive price. I recommend this product because it has a good build quality and really good specs and at an unbeatable price..as good as any other branded phone
ARYA A1+ OVERALL THE MOBILE IS VERY GOOD, NO BATTERY PROBLEM, NO HEATING PROBLEM, BOTH THE CAMERA NICE, BUT BOTH THE SIM DOES NOT CATCH 3G SIGNAL EVEN MY BOTH SIM IS 3G ENABLED AND IN OUR AREA 3G SERVICES ARE AVAILABLE AS SELLER / MANUFACTURER CLAIMED DUAL SIM SLOT ARE 3G ENABLED.OTHER MOBILE DOES BEST WORK IN RESPECT OF 3G.
Great phone.... I have brought this phone last month from amazon for 5k... the look of the phone was pretty good... it comes with three back pannel... the phone is working pretty good and the battery backup was decent... battery lasts for one day of normal use... it is a great phone for such a price range...
I purchased this wonderful mobile a month back. I thank Amazon for the nice offer to its customers and I find this mobile is really a good one equals itself to all branded ones in the market. I do not know the reason why the manufacturer not making any ads or special marketing for this wonderful piece. Being an Indian company I am proud to have this Indian product in my Indian hand challenging the so called branded ones in its technology. It is user friendly, touch is good, having all options for any age group having 255 service centres in India but I have not visited any one since I have not come across any sort problem so far.... but I have no experience playing the games in it for which I have no time......Good one for all office going people and hard working students...worth buying for 5k..
A good looking phone with a huge drawback
good handset eye catching view for look 5 star for features 4 stars for battery backup 4 star for screen and camera 4.5 star all over good handset in lowest price any ordinary person can use this smart phone with 7k-8k phone's features..
First of all I could not connect to internet using this phone, secondly I could not find any service centre of Salora. Though I found few contact numbers on Google but no one was there to answer to my calls, somehow I could connect to their corporate contact number but reception lady put my phone on hold for about 5 minutes & then disconnected my call, I did not like the phone at all and customer service by Salora. Now after two weeks handset display is been lost & no phone repair shop can find display for this phone. I am still looking for someone who can repair this phone. Please contact if you know anyone who can repair this phone as I still like its camera quality I want recover few of my snaps...
The best mobile I had, but it get over heat when children playing games, Please advise
Phone is at its best !! But the only thing is it heats up fast and you can barely hold in your hand !! ;( and major disadvantage is you can't find screen guard back case cover for this phone pls help me out where can I find these things
Received my Arya A1 Plus today, so far am fine with the features.. The camera is gud.. Touch is not that smooth but i would say ts expected from a phone thats 5K. Few issues i noticed are 1. while video calling with VGA cam phones i was seeing black and white. Video was gud when done with Laptop and 2 Mp cam phones. 2. Phone is unresponsive sometimes and works when restarted. 3. Some times the phone goes silent even when volume is up and all settings r proper, works when restarted. Over all, its a gud budget phone with few minor issues .. but am not sure what issues i can expect after few weeks or months. As of now i feel its gud for 5K.
Very nice Phone, true value for money I have used Iphone5 aswell as Samsung high end phone but this phone is unbelievably good for its price. Pro: Screen is just awesome, resolution and clarity is superb. TouchScreen is excellent, perfect while selecting, scroll or play Speed: there is no lagging or slowness while multitasking, several application runs smoothly. All the features as described in product works as expected like FM, Bluetooth and other. Con: Phone heats-up pretty quickly Battery backup is less amazon delivery was excellent, i feel you should go for this phone!
I bought this mob on Jan 4 from amazon. Look-nice Design-crisp end lovely Processor-quad core which was fast n good Touch- very sensitive n smooth Primary cam-good (5mp)its O K satisfied Flash-super.even in very dark place Secondary cam-also good Internal storage-storage-8gb(5.94 for us to save data) Ram-1gb(i installed 25+ apps but always free half of them) Battery-1.45 mins to full charge(not draining as expected compare than other android mob)but 1st 20% it get drain fast USB-OTG pendrive support but can't connect camera to mob by OTG(this only one I disappointed) Audio-ok audible not bad Sensor- sometime not working while talking it wakes up.but tats not the prob SIM-sim 1(normal),sim 2(micro) I faced one prob tat was I used 3g internet in sim 2 2g on sim 1 while using internet both sim close permennently n returns back. Accessories-headset not nice but OK(out door headset),battery usbcable are all OK.no screen guard provided, 2 backpanels are provided for this mob. Mobile packaging was nice
Nice phone... Specially the 8GB ROM and camera is the eye- catcher... Well done salora.. But there are no screen guards and back cover available in the market... Pls arrange them if possible...
Just one word awesome mobile, I don't know where should I start from it's just such a amazing phone, display is awesome, clear black display, IT does not look like a 5k phone, really awesome, my friends were also please looking at, and they didn't believe that it is a 5k phone, now talking about it's camera the front and back camera is just super fine, in camera there are features like voice recognition, smile capture, HDR, beautiful face and lots more, just u have to say cheese to capture a photo, and now talking about cons,-no flip cover or back cover available 2-battery drains little fast that's it other wise no issue at all
Got this fone on 30th march. Looks good but camera is little outside and chances of being glass scratches. Also back cover not available in market. I have installed ways app and Google key board hindi from my ASUS mobile but there error showing. I will download from plaster from same mobile and will check again if it works well. As of now in lookwise start rating can be give 4**** fone is very light weight and earpiece very ordinary but sound both earphone and loudspeaker is very good and better than my ASUS menhone 5. More review on it i will write letter.
There are no cons with this smartphone as the previous reviews state clearly, except for the battery backup, for which I'll like to say that the battery do drains but it also recovers on its own without even charging... really, this may sound insane but it is the fact, however miraculous it may pretend to be. As a result, the battery ultimately lasts longer than 5-6 days with normal uses given that you give it at least an hour daily to recover(I.e.-leave it idle for an hour daily or at night). This is the best smartphone I've ever seen and I'll say simply go for it!!
Pretty impressive smartphone with android kitkat at very reasonable price tag. All apps i tested so far including some games work like a charm in it without any lagging or crashing, moreover OTG support makes it more useful in certain ways. Build quality is good which makes it feel like a premium smartphone, screen is really sharp crisp and responsive. Battery needs to be charged every other day. Simply it amazed me, so if you are looking for a low budget smartphone which looks elegant and perform pretty well then you should definitely consider Arya A1+.
Value for money...I love it...Should be promoted better...I am not a heavy user...Battery lasts for a day...Should consider higher capacity battery and higher res cameras...
severe heating issues and battery draining very fast..salora should give software update on this.. no led notification light and capacitive home buttons lights missing
Most of the features with this phone are good and value for money as expected from a 'Smart Phone' except for few general setting issues and one main drawback that is this phone really heats up very fast (like a thermo pad), i am compelled to use earphone every time I make or receive a call. apart from that i don't have any complain. it looks good, handy, sleek, fast and quite cheap if you consider the features. if you don't want to waste your hard earned money on phones, and still want good features... go for this one.
Honestly, I have never thought that Arya A1 Plus is such a solid and beautiful smart phone before I got it. It was one of the cheapest smart phone at the time of purchase. Classic look. Nice display. Sufficient RAM. Never hangs. Size well fits in my pocket. Amazon has freely and liberally given all essential applications and entertaining games. The only addition I have done is a 32 GB memory card. Smooth performance so far. I am quite satisfied with Arya A1 Plus. No shortcomings noticed so far.
All over the product is good. But the problem is getting accessories and poor battery backup, they need to fix the battery problem. Finally I found the correct flip case for Arya A1 you can use Micromax Canvas Xpress A99 case for this, it's suitable I'm using that for my Arya A1 . You can order through this link http://www.amazon.in/gp/aw/d/B00RZC5OZW
I'm using this mobile last one month, which is best in class. My advise to those who wish to buy a mobile with good specifications. Buy this it will meet your needs
nice phone, good audio, performance is quite good.
Hi, I bought this phone two days back and observed that battery capacity is too poor. While talking over phone the voice is very low and not clear. Also observed phone is getting heat after 15min if we talk continuously. Not sure it is common issue for all Arya A1 plus mobiles. If so, they need to rectify these issues.
The phone heats up very much especially near the camera at the back even after a few minutes of web browsing. It becomes so hot to the extent of feeling some discomfort holding the phone in your hands. The battery drains very fast even when you are doing normal tasks like surfing the web. It is surprising considering it has a 2000mAH battery. I had to charge the cellphone at least two times a day. Silcare (Salora) [the manufacturer] says it will be providing update to Android Lolipop. However, a couple of times I checked for web updates, I got "network error" message. I hope Silcare (Salora) - even if it do not upgrade to Android Lollipop - provide an urgent fix for heating problem which is a BIG negative for the phone. If you ignore the heating and battery drain issue (I think these two are linked in some way - perhaps the CPU has been overclocked), this is definitely a value-for-money cellphone with great specs. I urge Silcare (Salora) to heed customer feedback and give a much needed fix to the heating problem. It will get them the goodwill of customers and help grow their business. Bottom line - It is a good cellphone worth buying if you don't mind the heating problem.
Its a 5 star phone if the price is concerned. But it has three major drawbacks 1)The battery is 1000mah but in specs it shows 2000 mah (1000 mah showing in battery doctor and probably it is1000 mah if you see how fast it drains).you can buy canvas xpress a99 battery ( I think it supports it but have not tested it) 2) it has no jelly cover/flip cover in any online store.Good news guys canvas xpress a99 jelly /flip cover can support it and I have tested it 3)There is no heating issue during charging but if you browse internet or WiFi for 15 minutes or playing HD video, it gets heated and the heat is all around the camera area(probably from the processer) and you can 'feel' the heat,so flip or back cover is very much needed for high use Otherwise it has a mindblowing camera,lots of user space and good user interface but you can not edit the user interface very much,so its a little flaw. It has great looks and a good plastic body,if you hide the logo via flipcover,everyobe will think its a 15000k+ phone!! So if you want this disadvantages and a phone with in 5k,then go for it '
Poor scratch guard and rear camera is not so good according to price point also,didn't got any free data from aircel and battery backup is also not enough
Not upto mark..Heating issue..cant see 720p and 1080p video it is heating up like anything going to 50 degree and cant hold in my hand..Poor Battery Performance..When using 3G also heating Issue is far more worse.. My kind request dont buy this mobile..There are best product out there..
Battery Capacity was 1000 mAh according to CPU-Z instead of 2000 mAh as in the features given. Camera need to be improved. Others are all 5 stars..
what a phone ......oh boy i did not face a single problem which are listed in the other reviews. on day one it was natural for me to explore the phone to the fullest . So this is what i did 589 mb data used on wifi and 4 hours on Internet 11 hours on idle and guess what no battery problem which was still running at 4%. i was amazed n to be honest had a sigh of relief. 3 days have gone since delivery and still same battery performance camera is cool as also the back panels are simply awesome. some have commented no download from play store thats because it takes a little time to establish the connection to Play store.so please be patient.i gb ram is just too good. and display is something that will not allow u to put the phone aside as much as u would like to flash its premium looks to ur friends n folks. so what are u waiting for dont wait any more. read the other reviews later, just order one right now. and yes a huge thanks to salora n amazon for being truly a trusted provider of reliable products. i love the phone and so will all of u
Good phone with all required features available, definitely value for money touch is good, picture quality also good, surfing speed is good finally you cant get more good than this camera at such low price so if you have less budget and wants all features and also don't have much usage of advanced features of android phone then you should go for this Battery heats up very quickly while on long calls and charging...
Hi pals . many of us may not have heard of the name salora. Trust me guys it's worth buying . you Wouldn't get a better phone at 5 k with this kinda specs . what I liked the most is the looks.its got the premium look. The silver lining adds a special beauty to the phone. So if you are not too much concerned about branding, there's no better option. Better phone with affordable price. . thanks to amazon for faster delivery.
I m so Happy with Arya A1 Plus (Black-Silver). Thanks Amazon. Regards, Sukhdevsinh
Disable some fitures Then you can save your battery life. Better than other costly ones. Thanks Amazon.
Very good phone,Still now no issues.No other brand (Samsung,HTC,Micromax ,Asus and Xiaomi ) can provide dead cheap rate,I bought at Rs.4,999 and 3 back panels are provided freely. Other main advantage is they provide with Screen Guards in mobile itself. Also request Salora to provide Flip Case cover as Mircomax cover doesn't fit properly. I recommend to buy this phone.:-)
Over heating of mobile is seen noticed especially near the camera area Battery is draining faster than expected
WOW..! u just cant get any other smartphone worth the money 5999 bucks. its the best phone one can get for this money in this range. if only this product has been made by some giants like samsung moto or sony they would have surely sold it for anything between 12-15000. so much feature rich right from camera to processor to display everything is too good. i will give 6 out of 5 for this phone. last but not least i have read many people commenting in reviews that "if not for the name salora and arya printed on the back panel this phone looks and feels like a good midbudget smartphone with good make and feel of a good leading smartphone makers like samsung or moto" i just want to say one thing salora! if moto or samsung are good , you are going to be one among the best. so guys arya1+ is the best phone you could get within 12000 i say. go for it, u can buy 2 arya instead of buying other company phones
After having thoroughly undergone the specification details and user reviews, I concluded myself and ordered just today for this A1 plus. The specification of the handset reveals that it has proper and balanced provisions required for consumers. 8gb internal memory, 5mp cam, 2mp selfie, 32gb expansion of memory, 4.5 inches display (we need a phone and not phablet), 145 gm weight, 2000 mah battery backup and good look. I suppose these are all equally balanced in a phone which costs just below 5.5k. My rating is five stars or show me another such device at this price.
Very nice phone....for the price.....works all ok.....still learning the Android operating system..new to it
This is an indian product(salora arya a1 plus).i love india and i like and suggest this product to all.
The product works well most of the time. However, there are situations when during a call, the phone suddenly goes on Airplane mode and the call gets cut. You have to then manually come out of Airplane mode and then make the call again which is a hassle. This is not due to the screen being active during the call and the ear causes the Airplane mode to turn on. I have experienced this even when the phone is on speaker mode (nowhere near the ear or in the hand). Otherwise the phone is good and satisfies basic activities thrown at it.
Given the hype around the product, it failed to even match 10% of expectations. It heats up like a hot pan while calling or using any basic function. Speaker quality is really bad, 9 out of 10 times while on call 'voice break' is a common feature. Its not about being low-cost, there has to be some basic functions working properly. Don't buy it!
Only heating problem and power button creat sound when shake it. Although handset is so nice good features camera quality, sound, screen display great due to this price Light weight body attractive look many features are available who you found only 10000 to 12000 mobiles prices Only heating issue I give only 4 star
This phone is really Awesome at this price. You dont need to compare with any other mobile in any price range. You can just go for it. Looks 10/10. Performance 10/10. Battery 8/10. Screen clarity 10/10. Camera 8/10. Wat else u need?
Build, look, performance, camera, touch, RAM, ROM, grip, sound output, gesture control and OS version at this price point are better than any other mobile, according to me. The only thing that should have been better is its battery performance. But considering its price I can not complain anything. Nice work Salora and Amazon, keep it up.
it is almost a perfect phone at this price range. its display is too good/responsive and design is also awesome. everything else is fine only problem i have seen is overheating around the camera, maybe mediatek processor is not good enough and it feel like a iron after heavy usage or gaming but still it is an awesome deal for rs 5000
this phone is very nice. i ordered it on 5th feb and product was delievered on 6th feb next day. packaging of this phone is very nice. thanks amazon. i would recommend it to all buyers. build quality is very nice. lots of feature in it. 3g + 3g, quad core, 1gb ram, ips ogs display, 8gb rom. i am fully satisfied with this phone.
Very nice phone for the pricing. Easy to navigate for the first time user. Neat delivery by Amazon
Very nice ph.very fast. touch very good, best sound and earphone.very nice look...nice ph. 9/10
Looks smart..But.. 1.Front camera is better than main camera. 2.Slips from hand very often.Mobile fall down on my first day of usage. Little bit external damage and puncture spot on screen guard. No screen guard or other cover available in market. 3.Battery is better.Minimal usage 12 hrs; internet usage 6-8hrs 4.Aircel free data is just a fake.They are charging for your usage;but minimal. 500MB free is seller offer.I contacted seller and they collected IMEI number and mobile number. 5.Earphone not at all fit in the mobile and quality is average 6.Automatic call when we put in the pocket. Daily 2-3 outgoing calls has been going due to some pressure on cloths. 7.Automatic operation while on call.It is very annoying. During call, due to friction phone goes to various operations and many setting changed;some times sms also sent. very bad. so think twice to buy this mobile...
Good buy... very nice looking phone, apt size, nice display with good color reproduction... Performance is as expected on MKT quad-core, works well Battery is a mixed bag, but for now since the phone is used mostly for calls, its good Camera quality is also average, as expected in its price range.
Nice phone, no any phone compare with this in this range of amount 6k, I have use many phone but this phone is really wow, all features are available in this phone, I am very satisfied with this phone, internal memory of this phone is 8 GB, all for application or videos. Go for this without any tenssion.
The phone is having little heating problem ,otherwise I should have given 5 Star rating.
Phone is good for this price and features are just awesome...but only problem that it starts overheating after use of 15 minutes. And the other problem is that there is no flip cover, screen guards available and very less service centers are available in india...Camera is good, sound quality is average
It is budget phone but quite impressive in terms of performance.Camera is performs well with led flask and clarity . Worth for the price. If you go for the other brands you have to spend easily for more than 8000/- So go for that Arya a1. Only problem is battery is 1700mah so backup is not much.
Excillent Smatrphone in this Range. But i am not satesfied with it's sensor, in my phone, it dosen't take snapshot when i move my hand on the light sensor. Otherwise the phone is awessom with it's features & itself. And mind that it's back cover and screen guard are not awailable In the market.
Used the product for 1 month now appx. Already the procust is having issues. Cannot hear properly. When someone calls, i cannot hear anything what the other person is saying. Took it to service center, and the service center guy also asked me why did i buy this product, as this product is having so many hearing issues. he just did a reset of the phone and told that the issue will occur again. Like he said, issue started again after 2 days. totally this product is waste of time and just increased my headach...
1. very good mobile in low budget. 2. good camera quality. 3. good gaming experience. 4. but one problem is speed. while open the gallery it is closing automatically. i can't see video files in gallery, i can see videos only in file manager. 5. otherwise this is good.
I purchased this phone around one month back but this phone trully worth of money, I have not seen phone like that, tremondous feature, stylish look it relly worth money, I am totally satisfied with every design, feature, exept it doesnot have any flip cover, otherwise superb phone.
its a good handset with cheap price and better features, its better than REDMI.
So far so good, it's meeting expectations based on previous reviews. No service or delivery issues. Easy to use, camera better than expected, feels solid. One Bluetooth connection problem, but probably not from the phone. Screen is vibrant - all in all, value for money. I'll update the review in a few months, or in case something goes haywire.
Excellent phone at this price. Going to purchase again to gift to my sister
Arya A1 Plus is definitely a very good mobile for those who don't want to waste their money. It has given many features which even a 7000/- Rs. mobile can't give you. USB OTG, Dual 3G sim, 1 GB RAM, Quad Core Proc. And its battery is also good.
Advantages - Battery Backup - Front and Back Camera decent quality - Display Quality - Voice Quality - Sound is good and loud Disadvantages - Heated a lot while handling multiple apps Salora Arya A1 Plus makers please make an update to solve heat problem soon
This phone is awesome Phone Speed very good Camera is also good Battery backup very good Overall phone is very much And amazon service is very happy I have very happy for this phone And last thanks for the amazon service.
Please soon release some go flip cover, silicon cases... it's ROCKS !!!
Best gadgets under 5k ....battery back is poor and get heat near back camera...but over all no hanging or lagging found in the device...just restart your device after u receive it. Back camera is okay but front camera is very good,especially for selfie.
Thanks Salora. This Phone Performance is Very High . Don't Hangable phone.. Faster Speed or High Defination Phone.. Memory Capacity is so Amazing.. But this phone flip cover not in market. please amazon provide the flip cover on site. i will purchase.
I have purchased arya a 1 plus , looks OK but accesarries like earphone is of cheapest road side quality not fitting in to phone and charger is also of road side quality ,camera not worthy of mentioning Feel of phone in hand is cheap hard plastic
The phone is just superb, i bought it as gift to my wife on her birthday this saved me on too much spending on any brand with same features would have cost me 20k plus but the same product and features at a very reasonable price of just 4999/- amazing.
The Mobile is good its bad thing is its speaker.loudspeaker is too bad
Phone is awesome.. Actually awesome is less to describe it.. Everything is jaw dropping about the phone which is within 5k.. I am not exaggerating but its true.. The only thing that can be taken as drawback is the battery.. Drains out fast....
Excellent phone. There is no lagging issues whatsoever even on high end apps. Camera quality is good and the battery last almost 2 days without the use of Internet. Its a must buy for people who are looking for a budget phone with good specs.
Arya A1+ is a very good mobile in all aspects. Its performing smartly in all given tasks. PROS:- Look is very good, if you are using any main stream line phone none will ask you about that, but if you are using Arya A1+ all of your friends shall ask u “which mobile is this?” bcoz of its premium look, practically it looks more premium, beautiful, well build, sturdy than it appears in pictures given on net. Both cameras are very good and giving justified results according to their pixel capacity, ram management is also good, every time you shall find half of 1gb for multi tasking, no application crash as found in redmi 1s, For those who are crying for heating, heating is not an issue, each and every phone gets heated on heavy uses, even apple, Samsung, sony, lenavo and Xiaomi mobile also get heated on heavy uses, what should one see is the performance, its performing very well with mild heat in using any heavy task. Its heating not affecting its performance, heating is normal like other branded handsets, one more thing is that some people complains about heating when they are using it at the time of charging it, and when they are charging it for the first time, in both conditions each and every handset shall get heat, bcoz for the first time battery getting its full gravity or getting used to for charging, or its getting its full charge, being it first time due to some chemical reactions it get heated, that’s normal. Best feature is its gesture control, you can’t get it anywhere in this price range, you have to use its power button only in morning for switching it on, and rest of the day you can do all tasks of power key by its gesture, you can light up its sleep screen just by double tapping on its screen by your finger. It’s good for long life of its power key & and making it really Smartphone, It’s a very compact size phone bcoz of its 4.5” screen it fits well in hand and so on in any pocket, you can access each and every edge of the phone by the fingers of your holding hand. SAR value is very low is just half of the recommended maximum value, so it’s good for your health also, Unlike LAVA and some other brands its SAR value is mentioned on box and handset. Lava is making fool of its customer by not giving exact sar value for any of its phone, beware of LAVA and other sets which are not giving exact maximum SAR value of their phones. Its call quality is butter soft like any other branded phones, both earpiece and microphone are performing their purposes very well, user and the person on the other side hear voice clearly and softly. Battery is performing same like other branded phones with the same capacity battery; it goes for whole day with regular uses. It shall get better with its lollypop update. Remember one thing that you are paying Rs.4999, and you can compare its functions with any Rs.7000 phone, you shall not regret, there may be some points of compromise, but overall it’s a steal deal. CONS:- Non availability of its flip cover, protecting case, silicon cover, tpu cover, is very much annoying. SALORA and Silcare should do something in this regard, Pre installed Screen guard is not up to the marks , its making dull the visibility of the screen, besides of this I haven’t found any con.
Very good phone at such a low price! I think its better that smsung as it is still working at maximum speed and has awsome camera! Just make sure you dont drop it as the black part at the top can get dents! Other than that, it is awesome!
It is really worth. I am using it past few months without any problem. Good Purchase. I am not sure about Service and Support, since it is not popular brand. SALORA should ensure the service support and take steps to promote the product.
The phone has a big heating problem. and battery drowns too fast.
this phone durable time 1 month.not purchase this arya a1 plus.
A very nice phone with excellent features at a very good price.
Heart fully saying if u keep 10,000 also it is less only fr this mobile,I brought it two days before. 4,999 is very good price , and it is purely Indian product so plzz encourage our country products,made in India.jaihindh.
Excellent phone for an economical price.....Really worth....
all is well but it gets up heated that is the major concern
nice build quality, smooth functioning, good camera, ok quality earphones, only problem i find is low sound output of phone as compared to other phones in this price bracket. overall very good phone below 5K
I am sridharan from hyderabad. bought one salora ARYA A1 PLUS which was launched recently. after going through the specifications and after watching you tube reviews and satisfying myself purchased from amazon. the phone was really good. on the first day i was worried much abt the battery backup, for it lasts only 5 hrs. morning it was full and with in the lunch time mmy battery went to 10%. I heard through my friend being a first day it will took some time to recoup. what a miracle. from the second day it lasts for the complete day and even after reaching home from office there will be 30 to 40% balance. its 2000 mah. I have to tell abt the camera. what a clarity for a 5 megapixel at rear and 2 at front. all my friends and my family were amazed by the clarity and sound etc. 8gb internal memory is there and out of which u will get 5.94gb. so much internal memory. no need to worry abt it. expandable upto 32gb.. Though i had a little bit dilemma while booking this mobile whether to go for this one or for xiaomi or huawei honor holly. at last now am fully satisfied that i got a MASTERPIECE. thanks amazon.in for giving me a chance to express my opinion. lastly u can also play high end games without any problem for its a quad core processor and 1gb ram.
Good phone at this price,screen resolution are amazing,perfect camera with powerful flash.better than karbonn titanium s5+ which cost approx 7k,less blotwares,6gb approx for apps.net speed is good with my aircel sim.
The user interface is cool, there by as per many other rev
Very good product.slim body . No hangs. i satisfied fully
I just received 2 days before and the progress is design is good, app n games performance is good n without hang. camera is good flash was nice. battery is not about to 2000mah but is good. overall value for money product.
The handset comes with a decent spec sheet for the pricing it asks and hence, would be a great value for money offering. The handset will be available for sale via its Salora’s exclusive online partner Amazon starting from December 13. Here we come up with a quick review of the Salora smartphone to know more about its hardware aspects. Camera and Internal Storage: The primary camera of the Arya A1 Plus is a 5 MP sensor that comes with LED flash for better low light photography. This rear snapper is accompanied by a front facing 2 MP selfie shooter onboard that can render moderate performance when it comes to video conferencing and clicking self portrait shots. These imaging aspects make the smartphone a standard one in its class. Internal storage is 8 GB and it can be further extended (limit unspecified) using micro SD card. Notably, most smartphones that carry similar pricing pack only 4 GB of storage capacity and we can say that the Salora offering has an edge over these devices in this department. Processor and Battery: The device employs a quad core MediaTek MT6582A chipset ticking at 1.3 GHz clock speed and we have seen this processor functioning effectively in many other entry-level smartphones, hence there will not be any major issue in handling the usual tasks and moderate levels of gaming and multitasking with 1 GB of RAM onboard. The battery capacity of the Salora Arya A1 Plus is 2,000 mAh that sounds suffice for the specifications that the device packs. But, the vendor has not revealed the specific backup that this battery can provide, though we believe it to last for long hours. Display and Features: The 4.5 inch display fitted on the Salora Arya A1 Plus carries a qHD 960×540 pixel resolution that will result in a pixel density of 245 pixels per inch. Furthermore, the panel uses IPS LCD technology to render wider viewing angles and OGS technology to make the screen more responsive. We can hardly find OGS display tech in smartphones that arrive in this price bracket. The phone supports dual SIM functionality and runs on Android 4.4 Kitkat operating system. This phone comes with connectivity features such as 3G, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth and GPS. What we Like: Decent imaging hardware Good battery 8 GB of storage capacity Price and Conclusion: Salora Arya A1 Plus is a device that combines a decent hardware and a luring price tag. The smartphone is aimed for those potential smartphone buyers who are planning for an upgrade in the entry level segment. If you are concerned regarding the after sales support that is an issue with few other manufacturers, Salora has resolved this at the first hand by setting up a service network SILICARE with over 250 service centers spread across 189 cities across the country. The firm also assures that the customer complains will be resolved within a time period of seven days.
the phone is good looking but the worstttttt.... thing is its battery. battery backup is very lowwww... once charged 100% it will go not more than 4 to 5 hours. that is why it is so cheap mobile
In my opinion its nothing less than Samsung galaxy S-2 duos, then why one should go to pay more and purchase a foreign company device when you are getting the same thing in less cost and an Indian company too.
Very good product at this price range.no lag found till date.works smoothly.fine camera,excellent design,superb performance.value for money...thanks to salora for bringing such a good product at this price.
I have been using the product for a week now. The performance is comparable to some of the high end devices. It looks beautiful too. Hope the suppliers will provide high quality after sales service too
Before purchase try to call salora Customer Care 9582710400 1800 110 400,either switched off or never picked up,my phone worked for 45 days and then no volume ...worst phone don't buy waste of money .
This item is not as per description given.battery back up is very poor.became heated immediately.signal problem as well as camera resolution is not good.however I can't expect better in this price.
Everything fine except battery,, but not bad.. Full time 24 hour,, at a minimum usage.. Graphic hardware or software may have a minor problem,, but I have no problem with this.. If it stays minor..
Man this phone is the best in this price range .. Using it from 2months and not even facing a single problem .. Pros is everything is smooth n good cons just problem is with camera and headphones.
Very cute and user friendly...yesterday I bought this mobile..camera Its gud..battery power is normal..basic app not installed.. I download from the net.. Totally its was awesome for my budget..
it shows 2000mah battery but after using this device its performance is like 500mah. after full charging handset hardly perform 3 hours in stand by mode. Please don't by this sucking product.
The worst product I have ever purchased. Never go for this guys. After use of just 1 month, phone goes dead. Automatically got switch off in interval of half an hour, even after full charge.
Third class camera features Bad quality videos -full HD recording in 3gp format - only play in this phone only - BAKWAAS No acc available in market Looks wise excellent
Very very good mobile best ever my mobile purchase. Every thing is supper, battery backup is slightly low even enough for a day. Best part battery get charged very soon. Worth to buy
Worst phone I ever used before. No battery back up. Touch is not working properly. Hangs frequently. Total waste of money. Dont buy this phone. 1 rating is also waste for this phone.
A good phone. Sleek and be carried in hand without worry. Draw back is that the 3G network setting is reverting to default SIM (i.e. Sim 1 ) even though I set it to SIM2.
Have been using it for months. The device has been fallen from my hands on many occasions but its still kicking. No damage in outer body or in hardware as such. Very sturdy device.
Very good smart phone. I using it's last 1 month. There ara no issues. Very good working and better backup is very well.I like it. KISHORE KUMAR PRAJAPAT KEROO JODHPUR
excellent mobile with this price. very cute mobile and ram is very speed and display also super. I suggest you to buy this mobile with this chief price with high configuration.
ITS VERY GOOD PHONE WITH LOT OF FEATURES. BUT I DID NOT RECEIVE HEAD PHONES ALONG WITH THE PHONE WHICH MENTIONED IN THE DESCRIPTION. PLEASE DO THE NEEDFUL FOR THE SAME.
Amazing product in the price range. Not much useful apps installed. But can be installable by app store. Display and Camera is awsome. Over all nice product.
Truely an awesome produsct by salora. No issues with the mobile. Flip cover is an issue for many customers. However i bought a pouch cover which serves my purpose.
awsome mobile ,, this mobile is available in only amazon not in other web site... packing is realy so good..... * * * * * i give 5 stars again again.....:) :) :)
Simply awesome phone, don't worry about anything it's worth buying it for 5000. No problems about battery, no heat up problems and good camera quality
Its a amazing product.I didn't believe it till I got into my hands. Its a slim n problem free.only issue is non availability..no pouch ,scratch guard.... Etc .
It is a Pretty good phone and for an extremely decent price. I got a good deal as i already had a 500 off coupon from Amazon due to my shopping during Diwali.
There is an error showing as "Error retrirving information from server. [RPC:S-7:AEC-0]". When ever i am trying to down load anything from play store. I have tryed down load methoeds like "wifi, mobile internet and wifi tethering" bot no download from play store till now. I have purchased this divise on 24/01/15. pls clear this issue. I have purchased this mobile a lot of expectation.
I bought this phone from amazon on 25.02.2015 At 4999 INR. Awesome phone on this budget. Nice feather. 1 GB Ram 8 GB Rom 8 MP Camera 4.4.2 Kit Kat 3G + 3G 2000 MAH Battery HD Display And all the feather are very good. This is my life's first phone that I am satisfied. I suggest my friends for this phone. No problem And thanks for Amazon For fast delivery. I am very happy from this delivery. Thanks again Amazon.
I was really expecting a best experience with the phone after I placed the order. But once received, It was not at all happy. Drawbacks of the phone are: 1. Heating problem. Just for a 5-10 minutes call, the phone is getting extremely heated up and ear pains like anything. 2. Battery back up is also not good. 3. Camera quality is just average. 4. Phone hanging and lagging is very frequent. 5. I just wanted to return the phone but it was late now.
Awesome phone slim, gud luking with 4.4 kitkat... I give it 5 star.. but I have a problem... I don't get the any covers on any website and in place...
It is getting too hot when I make a call. Unnecessary calls have been going, if I keep it in my pocket. No Screen card or Cover available for the same
I am using arya A1puls smart phone no any probb...camera qu...good and battery backup exci.....ooh gribo ka phone he ....amir bhi dharma jayega....
Good features at this price but phone heats up in 5min this is the negative point of this phone battery also drown quickly have 2 charge twice a day.
Really better handset, it has amazing features.. And even for just 5k. But the only problem is handset getting heat while charging.. Kindly fix it..
very problems in the phone.... screen blinking problem battery problems auto restart phone on daily basis 2 or more time...
It's very nice mobile. Good features.
Very good product. But there is no body cover or flap cover available on Amazon and market's stores. Plz make it and available as soon as possible.
Good smartphone for short usage given the low price. I was happy to receive it but found that back camera was not working, so returned.
This is imaging product for amazing price so good working, Good Camera, It's Actual 3G Mobile good presser working are so good & self y. is 1 No.
Best phone to buy at this price tag.
Good phone. Affordable piece of technology. Sound is loud and clear. Never hangs till date. Screen is also vibrant. 1 GB Ram is a good addition.
Excellent phone with superb resolution and speed in this range of 5K. go for it. only battery discharges little faster. still okay. nice phone
phone bahut acha lekin charg par lagane k baad phone bahut garaam hota hai net us karne par charg jalde khatam hotha hai aur garaam hojata hai
a good hand set having almost all the features which, one search in branded[?]} and costly smart phones. I am happy with the budget hand set.
Though the features r ok, I am unable to access internet in 3g network. Every time it returns ' this web page is not available'. For last 10 days it is the same. Neither the browser nor the Chrome responding. The sim,when used in other mobile or laptop, responds immediately. An immediate attention/help is required.
the product is very good but the accessories are not upto the mark,it should come with one flip cover because it is not available in market.
Everything is fi9 except battery backup on 3g internet. Drains fast. Rest excellent features. Please provide a battery and update software.
Very nice product in this price...
My arya a1 plus is good phone ............but I did not get flip cover for arya A 1 plus........ Isn't it good to use for the phone.
Arya A plus is good mobile phone 4.5 inch screen,1 gb ram,8 go rom, quad core , smooth touch and only 5000 rs, very very nice mobile
it's nice phone. But main problem i.e. where is the service centre of this phone.if any problem happen in this phone where we will run...
hey otg cable works but dongles are not support on this phone and also pc internet we cant use on this phone bcz device is not rooted...
The phone works better. But only cover is not available overall the better conditions than others and most things that very cheap price
best phone in this price catogery
Its a ok handset. but not too great. the battery stays ok when phone is in standby but once you use the phone the battery drains in just a couple of time. And heating is the main problem with this handset. with just a few mins of making calls the handset heats. and with games and net browsing the heat is too much. a couple of application failed to get install. So I had to return it.
I gifted it to my father and he seems to be very happy and busy with Arya A1 huh. Anyways, till now its working good, no complaints.
its very cute device pple who want to buy in low burget cost they can buy this device very comfortable with out thinking about work
Its really awesome mobile in this price battery, network also nice but language support I think few pro overall its paisa vasul fon
Wonderful mobile and best price
product is good but most difficult problem are -1. There is no screen guard available in market 2. No. flip cover available
soon after 4/5 days i noted that phone hits up.the battery going down soon.given for service station.still not got it back
guys they are faking it by writing 2000 mah battery, actually is drains in half a day and battery doctor says its 1000 mah
This phone is worth a penny. Some heating issues are there but its ok with that. Battery Charging time is slow.
Item delivered quickly, product also good but sim one is not responding to sim, and the same sim is responding in sim two
Just want to say few things.. As compared to micro Android one. Its touch response is not up to the mark. Android one has poor battery but touch response is really good. Camera quality is good in both phones. Arya screen size is slim. Android one has big size though both are 4.5 inch. Rest of the things are best in the price range.
Got my phone today thanks amazon.Found the gadget up to the mark.cast screen feature yet to be tried. Thank you salora.
Phone is all most moto g 1st gen, or I can say better than that.phone is good in looks,more than amazon's add picture
Too good for price Rs 4999. Guestures amazing in such a low price. Touch a little concern. But good buy.
Awesome phone great performance, in this cost. Not feeling cheaper,good display.. Just camera quality is not good.
The look of phone is awesome. There is less chance of hang bcz 1 GB ram. I have bought this 3 days ago and till now i have found it is best phone in 5k. but there is the problem which i m facing, it is slightly heating while charging and the earphone plug is not inserted fully which is not the issue.
In this price I think this is the only phone which runs all kind of video. Very good product value for money
value for money what you paying is that much your getting phone is fair no lose and no gain,,,,,,,,its OK.......!
An awesome phone affordable price. . .best price actually and just one thing please someone sell case of the phone
it was good looking and dynamite in price like this but sometimes it will overheating that was the only problem
Phone is slim , show also fine. But I think it's bettery about to die. Battery backup is very poor.
Dont purchase it you do not find its flip cover. Almost two month pass away but they not provide flip cover.
worth for the money. fulfilled my expectations. few things need to be compromised. overall a good product.
VERY............VERY GOOD PRODUCT ALL OF THE BEST, I BOUGHT THIS PHONE BATTERY BACKUP IS EXCELLENT........
rear camera is not have any clearty...i mean to say That it has no any mega pixal its very poor vision.
Arya a1 mobile really met my expectation... But flip cover is missing. Its better available in amazon.
Very bad phone.please don't buy it. Waste of money . very poor signal strength. No customer care service. I lodged complaints on Amazon no response. This phone should be banned for sale. You can buy karbon or any other brand. Pl don't buy this phone.
Its good product for the money.. Worth for money.. we can't expect more than this for the money paid.
It is looking nice and nicely working. It is worthfull within this cost.Camera clarity was very good.
Pls do provide with scratchguard & covers... We can find none of them even any similar to them
VERY NICE,ALL FEATURES ARE GOOD,ITS VERY FRIENDLY TO ME.IMAGE QUALITY IS VERY RICH,USER FRIENDLY.
Though the phone looks sleek, the sound quality especially for receiving calls is extremely poor.
Impressed by the stylish look and performance speed of arya a1+ but the battery drains faster during data connection and due to continues usage the phone gets heated at the back panel... We can't get a perfect phone for this price.
great phone.. no frills packaging ... totally worth (in fact more than) the money paid for it...
I have been using Android for some time and had switched to Windows 8 for a year as android was not meeting my needs. frequent crash and battery issues. now back on android with a phone worth 5K. I wish windows had apps for Youtube and quora, I would never leave that OS. Coming to this phone, it is a super duper phone and can beat any phone below 15k in the market. I have been using it for about 8 weeks now. Acceptable build quality. Comes with screen guard installed. headphones and charger. Does what any other android phone can do. The battery lasts me a full day with full time 3G and Wifi on, Single SIM. Although charging takes fair bit of time. I am not a heavy user. Mostly email and some browsing. very little gaming or camera use. The call clarity if fairly good. The phone has never hung / crashed or restarted like old cheap android. I have plenty of apps installed. Phone looks good if you don't mind salora brand name on back panel. I have no problem with it. This phone does what any other android phone does. It is lowest price and good quality. I care little about service/ repair. I would but a new phone rather that get this cheap phone fixed.
best phone with immense 'beauty' and incredible SMARTness in just 5k... HAPPYY to have it ☻☺ !
Excellant phone as compare to others.Display,battery backup also good.Nice camera,video,flash.
Best phone Slim with very good looks Smooth and responsive touch Good camera
technically weak(internet connectivity problem, getting hot backside,) look wise nice
Phone lags leds at the home button and menu keys. Apart from the i didn't find any issues.
Battery and primary camera are not upto commitment level of quality. Otherwise it is good.
Best mobile for 5k ; up till now I have not came across any problem. Be Indian buy INDIAN.
Value for money given all the features and changeable back casings (black, white and red).
Well I liked the Phone Initially looking at its specs but when i connected it to WiFi and within no time the phone heated up, i still dint care coz what can you expect from a 5400 rs mobile?? but When i made call, then the other person was unable to hear my voice. I was baffled I struggled alot to increase the mic volume but it doesn't work that way. The only way they could hear me if i shout loud. Returned in 2 days.waiting for my money to be returned.
Salora Arya A1 Plus is a device that combines a decent hardware and a luring price tag. DISPLAY & FEATURES : The 4.5 inch display fitted on the Salora Arya A1 Plus carries a qHD 960×540 pixel resolution which gives a pixel density of 245 pixels per inch. Furthermore, the panel uses IPS LCD technology to render wider viewing angles and OGS technology to make the screen more responsive. I can hardly find OGS display tech in smartphones that arrive in this price bracket...Hence its a Steal. CAMERA : The icing of this Mobile is its Camera. The primary camera of the Arya A1 Plus is a 5 MP sensor that comes with LED flash for better low light photography. This rear snapper is accompanied by a front facing 2 MP selfie shooter onboard that can render moderate performance when it comes to video conferencing and clicking self portrait shots. These imaging aspects make the smartphone a standard one in its class...You will just love it. It has also a 2000mAh battery which would easily last long for a day with full use..Mediatek Processor worked fine and showed no lags. Overall : Design 8/10 Camera 9/10 Display 8/10 Performance 8.5/10 Software 7.5/10 Call Quality 7.5/10 Value 9/10
this mobile is worth for the cost. Only problem is battery getting heated during call.
Good performance .have a good look. Like it. But didn't find suitable cover in market.
Pouches regarding this mobile not available in any mobile shops this is main drawback
Working very smoothly . touch is very sensitive and didn't feel any trouble for this price range . But the problem is accessories are not available neither online nor in market .
Arya A1+ Phone is very nice looking & very easy to use all functions, speeds, memory etc.... it's looks are very good & nice & also impressed to my family and my friends......
1. For Phone: 5 Star. Awesome phone in this price range.Equipped with all required features anyone can ask for.I wud recommend it to all having budget of 5k.I guess no other product beats it. Salora should advertise more. However battery Strength is officially printed as 2000 mAh..I would ask Salora International, as why Battery Doctor and Battery Saver Apps are showing Battery Strength as 1000mAh.Please clear this confusion or check with your manufacturer.It is a matter of trust. 2. For Amazon: Poor Delivery by Amazon Transportation Services.Amazon if you want to compete please pay attention to your loyal customers and do not run behind for extra 100 rs paid for next day delivery. Verdict : a must buy..battery clarification from Salora side awaited ...
i love this mobile
No words just an awesome... Camera is supporb. I have purchased 3 mobiles...
At this price it is amazing product in every field. It is best for me.....
overall the phone is okay for the money, but the battery is very disappointing.
This product it's good but two major problem over heating and poor battery life
Very Good product in this range( Looks like premium phone)............*********
Hello Everyone. I am a regular buyer at amazon. I ordered Arya A1 Plus (salora) smartphone after looking out features and price and I got tempted to buy it. But it was my mistake. Indian brands can never achieve that quality and reliability. I got the phone delivered on promised time but when I opened the package; phone and USB charger was found dead - never to wake up again! Unfortunately there is no service center of salora in my city (of population more than 25 Lakhs, quiet surprising) So I had no options to return it. Please dont buy this cheap and crap phone (Arya A1 plus by Salora) No complaints about amazon, and Thanks to amazon for the service. Dinesh
Overall good.. But mobile charger is not use. Mobile charge has some problems
It's Ok..Ok... Not expect too much...as it costs low Ok...Ok...Ok
Worth to have one for this price.. No issues and going good.I am very happy
nice phone at the price good but battery capacity 1000 mah overall good ,,
Affordable product! The camera is awesome... :) i like the product so far!
Product is good value for money but it's cover is not available in market.
its good product
This is an awesome phone with a pricing as other competitor (that makes it a little less awesome). But there are so many well established competitor out in market with there low budget smartphone, it will be a hard job for Salora to catch up with them if Salora don't reduce the price tag. This type of configuration is sold at 5299 to 5500. So my point is if Salora cross the limit of below 5000 then it will be a masterstroke. I think the pricing should be 4799 or 4899. Buyer haven't seen this type of configuration in this type of price tag. So they will definitely eat it and the phone can be a super hit. (update) thanks to Salora to take a good step to reduce the price to 4999
A good mobile with modest price but its cover is not available in market.
Super awesome phone to this budget I recomented to my friends to by this
Return due to net connection fault. Pl check thoroughly before dispatch.
Splendid item in this small amount , I'd like to buy another in future.
so good product
5000 rs best price worth ! works good nothing wrong in buying !
Arya mobile Camera clarity belated by Sony experiea ..superb mobile
Properly not working with airtel Network. not cach signals properly
i'm fully satisfy with arya a1 plus also amazon customer service...
not good it heat many time i feel bad experience from this handset
Best mobile but touching is slow and there have no touch key light
Outstanding display, smooth operation,best in class for that Price
In this budget this is awesome phone. yes i would recommend this.
can't say much product is good, features r nice under such costs.
A good smartphone but internet speed is very slow Moreover,in 3G.
Decent Device but does have battery backup issue: Pros: Good Screen Very Smooth have not observed any lag. Browser Response is also very good. Clean and Vanilla interface with very few loaded apps. Decent Loud speaker volume. Cons Battery backup is very poor. Especially on wifi or watching videos. Volume output on headset is very low. Even with a very good headset (not the one supplied) the output is very low. The build feels very fragile and bulky. There is also excessive branding on the back side. I prefer a simple logo.
very good performance Arya A1 Plus, really low budget good chice
excellent product and the touch and other features are excellent
Very nice mobile awesome product excellent mobile on this piece
amazing phone
I like this product. this is the best mobile for cheap price..
Nice genuine product simply but full option super budget phone
Nice Product ,affordable price ,Super picture Quality.......
A nice phone with a majestic look and wonderful performance.
mobile quality is good but battery performance is very poor.
Very very good looking and more specific to doo in just 5000
REALLY A GOOD PRODUCT BY SALORA AND ALL FEATURE IN THIS ONE.
Really loved it A phone with specs of 12 k phones at 6k
I like it.... no words to talk about it... thnx for amazon
Superb in this price camera is very good and very good look
Superb Smartphone Best for Gamers no Lagg Even on Great FPS
Very good handset , looking nice and performance is better
I liked it. its good working fine...No issues as of now...
I want flip cover for arya a1plus mobile Pls tell me
Good in all aspects. Providing every thing in low budget.
I just bought this phone 1 month before I have some list of problem Hats off to ur loud speaker it became damaged in one week of useage Primary camera is not working properly It is heating like anything My power button is not working Double taping occurs wen we keep the on packet but don't worry your phones will heat up and you ll find your phone unlocked Bad battery performance and guys remember that this is only my first month review
It is good but if you provide flip cover it will be nice
best phone no cons only pros cant get better and cheap.
This phone at first sight got me amazed and after using it i still felt the same.The pice 5.5k for this phone is absolutely amazing for its features but the quality of the build is a little low. it runs really smoothly and the camera is okay QUALITY :4/10 CAMERA :6/10 DISPLAY:7/10 ACCESSORIES:5/10 PRICE: 8/10 OVER ALL: 7.5/10 i recommend this phone for people who have a very low budget for an android phone .
Nice mobile
GO FOR IT I USED 3 MONTHS NO PROBLEM IN PHONE GOOD....
Camera accha nahi hai batterygood thik thak phone hai
Best and stysfyed handset but camera result not good.
good in class, using from the month no problem found.
Good mobile this price but back side heating problem.
Truly this phone is awesome. I like about this phone is OTG technology and phone features 8gb internal memory also 1GB RAM.in this price range guys go for it.Salora launching very good quality phone.I am satisfied
Best phone with dual 3g and back 8mp and front 5mp
bast phone
The handset is everything good but accessorizes not found in market or online
I brought this mobile all specification correct it good budget mobile in India.why I give 3stars only because it has battery bad it work 1day for normal users 6hour browser in wifi.if you play game 5hours you can play but its staring time new battery if its goes it will to bad to use and heat is main issue.flip cover,case cover not having and no replacement battery not having
Every thing is good.. Just it heats up a lott..
Very Nice phone with big display and slim size
very nice phone at this price range.go for it!
Very good phone, value for money.Thanks Amazon
Whether this phone has 16M display resolution?
gud phone
Salora Arya A1 Plus is a device that combines a decent hardware and a luring price tag. The smartphone is aimed for those potential smartphone buyers who are planning for an upgrade in the entry level segment. If you are concerned regarding the after sales support that is an issue with few other manufacturers, Salora has resolved this at the first hand by setting up a service network SILICARE with over 250 service centers spread across 189 cities across the country. The firm also assures that the customer complains will be resolved within a time period of seven days. Conclusion- It will be interesting to see how the company forwards on the promises it has made regarding the customer care. If everything is done as said, it's definitely the best phone you can get at this price point.
It's 50% better than xiomi Redmi and Moto E.
It's good but amazon online shap is not good
Internet not connected and I want it's cover
Nice Phone good looking stylish OTG Support
After use of 20 days: Pros: Display is very good. Camera is more than average. Good speed with high sensitive screen. Look & feel is executive style. light weight. Cons: Battery life is not good, getting discharge very fast. Less installed apps. Supplied screen guard quality is poor, peeled off within few days.
Arya A1 Plus (Black-Silver) ... awesome phone after all i am true Indian why i should go for Chinese red mi 1 .if salora gives the same feel today it was delivered to me i am totally satisfied with this cute handset as well as amazon delivery service (on time ) this phone can be recommended to friends.
its all about coustmer satisfaction!!!!!!!
very good mobile phone.. value for money..
this phone is very bad like iron box
Speaker is poor quality. distorted sound.
Gr8 deal at this price. Good performance.
excellent piece for that price. go for it
Its good but battery backup is very bad.
nice mobile and frount camara is fabolus
Mobile battery problem.2G net fast use .
The best smartphone in this Price range
Good mobile good price very nice amazon
Wonderful device.Worth for every penny.
Phone was good and it worth for 5k. . .
Nice phone. But battery power problem.
Every thing is fine but it heats a lot
Good product with decent configuration
arya a1 plus is a goog smartphone.....
To good
very good product i have buy 3 mobile
already one sim slot is not working.
I am fully satisfied with this phone
Very good phone in this price range.
Value of money. Very nice battery backup and picture clarity camar regulation super. 8GB full of internal memory available It's one of nice product..., I recommend to all..., buying this phone... Thank you Amazon...,
Iam not satisfied with this product
Very nice set within a low range.
I am happy i called for Arya A Plus
Excellent very good mobile superb
very good budget phone. No issue.
Nice good phone with decent price
it is extremely best cell phone.
very good mobile & good delivery
very good product in less price
Very Good Mobile @ Lowest Price
Super instrument at this price.
Value for money and good camera
superb mobile.......... 5 stars
The best a man can get for 5500
Wish it had flip cover with it
@ this price almost satisfied
Gud phone with lot of features
battery is not that impressive
Ys I liked this device a lot.
within one week somuch of heting start in arya a1 plus.and battery was totaly bad condision even 1 hours not be continune.i sagest frend plz dont by this this mobile 4999 mony totay spoilage dear.
SUPERB MOBILE, SMOOTH WORKING
Good phone with top features!
Great phone. Value for money.
No backup and heating problem
Paise vasool good one thanks.
nice phone at this price.....
Very Good and prompt delivery
Good, slimmest & light phone.
I’m writing this review after using the mobile for 1 month. No mobile can beat this mobile in this price rs4999. I compared this mob with moto g display though this is QHD its way better than moto g HD display, Awesome display clarity, None of the game hangs as it is supported by 1gb ram, Quad core superb in multitasking, As everybody say sometimes heats up during downloads around the camera area where I assume processor is present but that’s not a problem its normal only, Touch response is excellent, Gesture control feature is additional advantage in opening any apps from sleep screen, 6gb internal memory is not separated unlike some other mobiles so you can install many apps. Design is excellent royal look. Camera is exceptional super-fast, no shake images captured as it is superfast, click and its done. 3G on both sim slot its superb. 2000 mah battery for 4.5inch screen it is more than sufficient enough because micromax android one model 4.5 inch comes only with 1700mah battery.
Value for money. ..go for it
money for value cellphone...
best phone in this price....
Mobile handset is very good!
in low cost very good phone
good phone in this budget.
The Voice quality is very poor including picture quality..... definitely this is not worth it, Amazon please review this product before catching many other innocent buyers.
Nice Phone of nice price.
Pls provide to back cover
Nice phone for the price.
This hardware and software combination is excellent and in fact the look and feel of the phone is excellent , IPS OGS , good job by salora and old electronics tv and coils .. company. the headphone doesnt fits the phones 3.5 mm jack it doesnt goes inside fully. Good quality JBL headphones fits and sounds great. kindly check the headphone by fitting it to the phone ans supply the correct one to customers.(the length of the pin is more and doesnt fit well with the phone)(the headphones audio quality is good when fitted to an music system) I would suggest the salora to launch the same phone with reduced price on flash sales on amazon. The charger is of good quality of 1 amp current.however the charging/data cable is not very good quality. i would wait if salora launch the silicon screen and screen guards for this phne on line.
This is first time i purchasing this any product blindly after going through previous feedback. Thank God this phone meet all the epectation which anyone need in price range between 15-20000 Rs. This phone could be compared with the canvas Magnus A117 which cost around 15000/- by micromax. This really have approximately 6GB internal space for apps where as in case of magnus which only have 700 MB for apps. Rest everything could be seen in Arya A1. Every positive feedback seen, is correct. at the same time the only negative feedback which i encounter is heating effect at back near rear camera but this could be acceptable who do not use phone for gaming and much on surfing net. Another fact is that this is great example of "make in india" compaign so guys promote this wonderful phone if you really like it.
Nice phone in low budget
Low battery back up!!!!!
Good
Best mobile in low cast
Good and I am satisfied
Excellent mobile phone
play store is not open
best buy at this price
average experience...
Very good but battery
WiFi is so so weak! !
Value of Money....
Good phone : from last week i am using this mobile very nice look is very good value for money....
All Features Good !
Functions are good.
Best Phone in price
Pros Ram, internal memory, front camera, process Cons Style, battery drain,
Best On This Price
VERY GOOD SMART PHONE AWESOME CAMERA QUALITY NO HANG PROBLEM GOOD FEATURES SAVING MONEY PHONE
Arya A1+ by Salora, One of the oldest Television Manufacturer of Bharat (India), with a qHD IPS 4.5" Screen, Dual 3G SIM (Normal + Micro), Android 4.4 Kitkat, Mali-400 GPU, 1.3 Quad Core Processor on Mediatek MT 6852 SoC, 1 GB RAM + 8 GB ROM + Expandable Micro SD upto 32 GB, 5 MP Rear + 2 MP Front Camera, 200 mAh Lithium Ion Battery at a price of INR 5000/-, an Ultimate High Tech Mobile Phone made available for Basic/Intermediate/Advanced User - Just Go Get it !! This is the most affordable phone on the planet as per Hardware Specification & Features..
very good product . I m facing problem with battery. It just goes like 30% to 15. 8,7,5, switch off.
Worth Buying..!!!
Which phone support Flip cover Arya a1 plus flip cover
Phone is heating
Not fully happy!
Value for money.
4.5 inch + kitkat and the batter is just 2000mah thats the villian .. beware
Arya A1+ has decent specifications for the price. On a moderate usage ( calls, messages, apps), battery last for a day. Can't expect much. Phone look s and feels good in hand. I avoided Redmi due to heating issue and lots of negative ratings on Flipkart. Antutu score is 18610. This phone is a value for money product. It comes with 2 free back panels and preattached screen guard. But I need the rubber back case and accessories for this phone. Silicare must look into this.
Very good phone
Wrst phone ever
best phone ever
Low budget phone with best configuration. Performance also well.
Hi, I am using A1 Mobile for last 1 month, it's prity good in performance and sexy look...I installed many games and it's the pet of my 3 year old baby( Since she is having Lava & HP Tabs and Samsung Mobiles- many times it's fallen down from her but good cover save it with out damage.) Processor is working well and I not feel any unconvertible with any applications. I had checked and compare with Z3....A1 is 100 times better than Z3
yes it is nice
phone is good.
After using for 5 days, i can say best smart phone in this budget
As of 5th Jan 2015 nothing beats this handset.
1. Device gets heated up very badly just by doing some regular activities like playing games or downloading games from APP store. 2. I saw this mobile review on youtube. Touch is ok and sometimes device hangs for just a fraction of second if you are playing a game like temple run.
its very nice
phone is amazing in this price range.screen is fine,touch is best.but some problem in network(signal reception).its not strong.signal drops inside room.in that condition internet also stops working.wifi reception is also weak.salora should do some homework on it.flip or back cover is not available in market.when a company is importing handsets it should import flipcover or back cover too.
initially i was reluctant to buy a phone of brand i never heard but i decided to buy it considering some positive review. i have used it for 15 days and have not found any lag and it seems that it is one of the best phones in this range. performance with decent camera and qhd screen, 2000 mah battery, gaming response everything positive so far ( will update later if found any problem ) .
Phone quality is good in this price range but I suggest to improve battery power. It gets starting draining on using application for some time. Acessories problem also makes angry to user. Not any flip cover nor any case cover is available in market. I got the earphone in the box but that is not adjusting proper in jack. 5.1 output is also not functioning well.
Good working
Nice one ...
Best phone in low price. All function in this phone.
Phone is just awesome for the price, so compact and has good feel while holding it. Dry hands might be slippery hence we require a case. @Amazon please we need cases for this device i mean TPU cases or solid back cover..please!
New born beauty full child...clever and strong...!
I am using this mobile past few one month At this price mobile is sooo good,but it have some heat at back side near the cam & also it have very poor battery backup.remaining all are good camera,sound,there is no any hanging to play games.this my experance in this mobile usage. if u have any quaries contact me 966*******
Great phone
Nice phone.
Mateenahmed
Nice Phone,
Neat enough
I liked it.
This is an excellent phone in the price range.
after open it and saw this smarty n features____In this Price range....Yeh Sabka Baap Hai Abi Tak. Orr Baki aage pta chalega 6-12 mahine me ke kitna chalta hai ya bich me hi dam todta hai !!! agar abhi phone lena hai or 5K ki range hai toh Ghar ki rai hai_____Buy ARYA A1 plus
good phone
Superb One
Good phone
Nice phone
Good Phone
Nice phone
Nice phone
GOOD PHONE
Good phone
GOOD PHONE
product is good as mentioned light wait
i used this mobile around three days ,,, mobile disign is okay but little slowly during heavy tasking and ,, battery drains fast you cant use more than 2 hour with wifi and even 2g internet ,, if you want just calling purpose then you can get one days battery backup
Overall value for Money AnTuTu score is 17K Battery is 2000mAH, but cpu-z application only shows 1000mAH, also drains bit fast than expected Delicate build quality Reasonable performance Hoping to get Android (5.x) update in Jan 2015.
Very nice
very nice
Nice work
As compare to pricewise and specification this set is good but unfortunately it has technically not tested properly. Due to this this set has excess heating problem at just below the rear camera. It automatically reduce the performance of batter also.
I bought this phone on 16 December. Phone have come with 6 gb memory for apps and media storage. Sound is excellent. Touch is very good also hardware is very nice. 5k is best price for this phone. Don't worry about this phone. Buy it!!!!!
nice pic
Awesome!
Good use
A big thank for team Salora and Amazon for this great Phone. This is a genuine product. Simply great all the way. I Suggest to everyone to go for this phone without thinking too much.And once again thank to team Salora.
Bought this ph 2 weeks before.Worth buying phone. don't hesitate,if ur budget is low n wanna good ph with good specs just go for it. Battery backup also good.Touch is good.Specs are v.good.Overall i'll give 4 out of 5.
This phone has high radiation. You cant talk much time with this phone without headset. Try to call your friends, without using headset, then u will see the difference. You will find what is the problem with this phone.
Excellent look, specification with low Price. Camera is also good. No other company offers such type of facilities with such good rate. The most important thing is -- it has 1 GB ram . Jai Ho ! Salora
Awesome
I bought the phone at Rs. 5499. All the features are good enough with a very low price. the only problem with this phone is phone gets heated after using candy crush or browse the web.
With loads of doubt I bought this. But the camera is superb n so is the processing speed.....highly recommend this on a budget for smart phone.... Loving it since last week
Awesome phone The only two cons are the battery backup U ll have to buy a power bank for it Another is the cover ! No flip covers available in market
Hey friends phone n features are awesome, but battery is not up to that level or as expected (2000mAmp) Overall I would suggest this phone to all my friends.
HEAT WHILE PROCESSING
nice phone for the price has almost everything needed i just wish it came with a flip cover and ya only one thing that is missing is a scratch resistant glass..
While using the mobile over GPRS , the mobile becoming too hot to carry, otherwise excellent and also becoming low battery while using GPRS. Please rectify it.
GOOOOD
display was demeaged
1 number phone hai
Its look like SONY bt this phone is awsome. MY GOD what a camera clearity, Am totally happy. This is good and low cost. THANK U AMAZON.
Great
Amazing mobile just awesome because features of an unbeatable expensive phone like Moto and other brands but though at 1/3 of those expensive ones. Really gives an smooth user experience with simplicity and elegance of the most sophisticated item at no where else other than Amazon.in Thanks Salora for this Mobile to me I have already been popularising it to my family and friends.
EXCEPT BATTERY BACKUP AND MOBILE HEATING PROBLEM. ALL FEATURES IS OK THIS LOWEST COST. BUT I CAN'T REFER TO MY FRIEND.
i just hate this phone... it is very small in size as compared to other 4.5 inch phones.Moreover it doesn't supports 3G on GSM...
Excellent product. Must buy product. It is as good as buying high end mobiles. Headsets are good with bass.
This mobile is better that Redmi MI iin terms of performance. However the only this its missing is compass.
Phone is quite OK...price wise very cheap... But aircel Customer care not activating the free net offer
i just ordered it today lets see , what happens , overall specs are good for a phone in this price range ,
It's a very good mobile phone with huge feature, But screen glass is not strong it may cause of crack...
As compared to other branded phones like samsung nokia i think its a good phone in this price range
Great mobile. No other mobile is available at this price. its speed is great. i love this mobile
No other phone is better at this price range. The phone is very good, everything works perfectly.
Osam
Good
ggod
BEST
good phone good looking good working but battery is poor & NO magnetic sencer for compes
Good
Good
good
G00D
Good
GOOD
Overall phone is good. But packaging is very poor. I've requested Gift wrap and received a broken gift box. Disappointed !!!
This set 's Speed is good but there is a problem as it got heat up in starting in use. Thanks
processor not working in data mode. very disappointed. touching is poor. other features ok.
Not A Good One Used For 10 Days....... FIRST OF ALL I ENJOYED USING THE PIECE FOR 2-3 DAYS, THOUGH IT HAD BACKUP PROBLEM, BUT AFTER 3 DAYS THE HANDSET STARTED LAGING OCASSIONALLY, THEN I ALSO NOTICED SOME HEATING PROBLEM ON PLAYING HIGH END GAMES,OR SURFING ON MY 3G DATA..... BELIEVE ME IT WAS DIFFICULT TO HOLD THE DEVICE AT TIMES.... GUYS I WOULD RECOMMEND THE HANDSET ONLY TO THEM WHO WANT A PREMIUM LOOKING HANDSET, JUST FOR DAY TO DAY USAGE(NO HEAVY GAMING,HEAVY NET SURFING(3G)).... THE BUILD QUALITY WAS GOOD..... THE WORST PROBLEM----- ITS BATTERY ... HAD TO FULL CHARGE IT 2-3 TIMES A DAY..... I SUPPOSE THEY ARE GIVING ONLY 1500 maH 2000 mAH IS JUST FOR NAME SAKE
Does this phone has GPS?
Its a good mobile and good configuration so don't think more best to buy
gud
I received it yesterday 3 feb15 Its very low class plastic biuldup and its not working good on mobile DATA usages its pooooor perfomance and its geting heated while charging
Sir I ordered arts a1+ but cancelled due to reading reviews of heating issue..sir I want to buy this awsm phone plz do smithing abt this I will really buy this awsm phone
excellent any soft handaling. totally useful and very nice mobile.
its working good. but I can't get the flip cover for it anywhere
Pls tell me arya a1 plus 9.5mm or arya a1 plus 9.7mm different?
Best phone in this range. Everything is perfect. Must buy it.
I received the product but its a defective one 3G is not working every time i have to use internet i have to restart the device. Need a replacement
good phone. but not satisfied with the quality of the body.
Display automatic working and battery backup is so poor
my arya a1 + good mobile but normal using is heated very sort time . so please tell me how it solved and what to do .
Good value of money for this smarter smart phone.
I have this product on 14 feb. But using of one day it's dead. From first day it charging and network problem.
Super
ok
mobile play store not working mobile is hang agani i wish this mobile not working properly
it is ok but not good. Camera Not good.
Battry is not good as well as clearity
Best very nice look hi Bhai from sonu
Phone is very hote in charging mode
So so, but happy with this price .
i found empty packet .a very very fraud plz help me .
Friends...please......don't buy this phone...irresponsible care...phone not good....bad at all...and poor blotting power...heat
Nice phone with small budget
No words just say awesome
Good budget smartphone.
Phone in this price is really excellent camera quality is good performance is good and battery backup is awesome go for it
How to change 5mp camera to 8mp camera?
I think it is perfect phone for use
do not used by me...
Worth the money.
Basic Phone ok
nice phone
not bad,
Hi arya A1plus Users I am thinking to buy this phone, I wanted to know its performances ,so plz tell me how it works
Average
model is very good but headphone notsatisfied wifi very fast totally super.......
Good
Whatsapp does not work properly
Poor customer service and poor service centre. Don't buy this phone for low price.
the phone was awesome since I used from last two weeks the phone working great i insert 16gb SD card and i installed 20 apps and HD games like GTA VICE CITY , MAX PAYNE , BLOOD N GLORY , IRON MAN , FIFA 14th , GT RACING , ASPHALT 8 . but till now not a single hanging problem the feature and the operating system are different other mobile
I don't like thermal shut down
useless.
why to buy this product when u are getting android one at 6000???moreovee new lenovo k3 is mch mar better than this and itz releasing in india very soon..also the second batch of android one is also releasing in early january
How this features comes in this price........comparison to Samsung,Nokia, and so on.......think abt it and then buy.....
