B00UTKPKHY
mobiles ram display look battery backup camera os all features are awesome but only mobile sound is very poor
negatives: 1. poor touch sensor... very difficult to use in certain conditions, like games 2. low sound quality ... very difficult to hear above 2 important basic features makes it a bad phone. and hence not worth for money 3. heavy 4. poor quality back camera and worst vga front camera, poor flash 5. not user friendly positives: 1. android lollipop 2. good battery backup -2-3 days normal usage 3. metallic finishing, and removable back cover 4. dual sim 5. good video playback
Miserable experience with the product. Amazon delivery and return policy was fine, but the product was just bad. It ran into problems soon enough. One day the brightness went to 0 and the device was unusable. Three days later it just died. and wont switch back on. The non-removable batteery is a draw back as you cant hard reboot the device.
Looks Awesome. Excellent Configuration. What i personally feel is that the Touch Response is not as good as Canvas NITRO. Dont know where the problem is . But the bottom line is VALUE FOR MONEY.
This phone is amazing. Its ram, camera,body and its display are really very good.
JUST GO FOR IT BEST MOBILE WITH AMAZING SCREEN CAMERA AND MUCH MORE
Nice phone bettery backup in toogood all round good phone
Phone giving me good perfomance
Nice but delivery too late
too gud all features
It's.... Zeus of all budget phones It is the best phone as I seen.... So... Nice design Pros Powerful Battery=3000mah Vibrant HD Screen 12.7cm (5) IPS HD Screen Corning Gorilla Glass 31280*720 Screen Resolution 16.7M Colour Depth Android Lollipop Remarkable Camera 8MP AF Rear camera 2MP FF Front camera HD Playback and Recording Cons: No 4g connectivity Touch has a tiny sensor problem Only 32 gb expandable
I bought this phone for my younger brother and found phone is awesome battery backup is really good sound quality is good overall 10/10 to this phone planning to buy another one from shop as price is high at on-line store
Mmm okay
Y it is 9800 ?? Official price is only 9k !!
Very nise
Awesome phone by Micromax.
Its an awesome handset.. Just love ❤ it..
Tooo fast mobile and superb camera
Owesome mobile canvas series
Amazing phone micromax is doing good day by day.Phone is very fast and battery is amazing then all smartphones
