B00VRLES68
Last 2 month i am Using tiz phone ...till nw good performance.... PROS...good battery...look...lag free performance... CONS over weight...Loud speaker sound is less.....buying a original lava smart cover is a add on to tiz phone..
Im using this phone for last 2 months and till now I have not face any issue. It works like gem ! No lags No Memory issue. Good picture Quality. Battery is also last for long time and good earphone as well.
Very very good smartphone lv this phone
Bought it 4 days ago. Great phone. No heating. Fast processing. Good display. But the Charger & Earphones are really cheap stuff. Back cover is too delicate and it can break if you don't remove and fix it adeptly. Good Phone on the whole Value for money.
I have bought this phone in Chennai Lava showroom itself at the price of 9250 1)Nice quality phone 2)5inch HD screen quality is simply awesome with asahi glass protection which allows you to use this phone without any screen guard. 3)Sound quality is good. 4)Camera quality is good. Selfie cam act like 5mp. Primary camera is good without flash. 5)Sensor is really good. 6)It is really superb and standing unique with it's competitors like lenovo a7000, yureka,Asus zenphone 5,etc. 7)2gb ram allows you to play high graphics games like asphalt 8,GTA,mortal combat, etc without hanging. 8)call quality is average. 9)I have installed about 189 apps now which includes 46 games and using on this phone is really interesting 10)Other company mobiles with such features will steal u r money but x8 will not
Work's perfectly with out hanginand no heating issues . I also installed both asphalt 8 and NFS MW both of 2 gb and they run perfectly without hanging jst awsome phone with good camera and battery life
Lava Iris X8 has increased my expectations with the smart phones to a great extent. The kind of features it provides in less than 10K are worth more than 30K to say the least in the phones offered by other brands. For features Like an octa core processor, 2 GB RAM, 16 GB expandable memory, awesome camera, Latest OS etc. Samsung or Motorola will charge you at least 25K and lava is offering the same in less than 10. Only a fool would go for anything else than.
Apart from all the other great features, I was really disappointed with the in ear music quality. It sounds like a cheap phone. No music apmlification, no bass, or music loudness. Not for music lovers. I owned a Xolo Q800 previously and it was damn good when playing music. Loudspeaker is very good but not a good source to listen music.
If you are on alookout for a phone that does almost everything seamless, and also looks good but is economical as well - this is the phone. Superb interface, great battery life and joy to use. Same specs in a Samsung phone would be not less than 25K but this phone under 10 k is does the trick.
Iris x8 good smart phones...their s no heat in process and @ time of charging.....but cemera is not like compare to 8 megapixel (0,0) but overall Mobile is good expect cemera quality... Their need to improve cemera.... (9?9)
I have used this this one. It's awesome. Watch the full video review: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y43sRj0TE8Q
Jabardast phone... Waooo
Just like मक्खन
I insert sim card on new phone but it was not detecting the sim card.
I m using this phone for the last one month .. this is a paisa vassol phone.. octa core dumdarr camera quality is good ..captures perfect pics 2 gb of ram....helps in playing heavy games easier and it's touch ...yaar mast hai .. battery backup is very good. lava is an indian company and i follow modi ji..so use products that made in india
fuddu phn back camera mai to photo hi nhai saaf aati.., front mai to pata hi nahi chalta k insaan hai yaa jaanwar this phone get heat in 10 mints itna garam ho jata hai ki blast hone wala ho
It gets heat when it operated but now its OK battery prob. F and b camra is good ovral very good. Mob.
I purchase x8 at last month l expect more by seeing the specification but at implementation it is a reaaly a failure product. The camera is too bad, the main problem in camera is that the Colo rs are very light showing, too much heating problem, copying and moving of data within phone taking too much time, when it was connected to pc , it is going on disconnecting per every min, weak battery, the plus point is its display is very nice.
My experience to iris x8 is amazing with fast processing it gives more to do ...!!!
Lava Iris X8 has increased my expectations with the smart phones to a great extent. The kind of features it provides in less than 10K are worth more than 30K to say the least in the phones offered by other brands. For features Like an octa core processor, 2 GB RAM, 16 GB expandable memory, awesome camera, Latest OS etc. Samsung or Motorola will charge you at least 25K and lava is offering the same in less than 10. Only a fool would go for anything else than.
Love this phone
Pls aap sab vailoke sahi sahi batao na ..... Ki... iye x8 phone , heatting problem and cam quality and battery problem ho raha hai ya nhi.,?
Done
Good
Bad mobile
all is well, accept all is same, good.
Nice mobile
