B00VEB055E
This was my first smartphone and I have researched a lot and then after some good reviews I buy this phone from amazon apart from lenovo a6000 and moto e.Pros:- design and built quality - 9/10 looks-9/10 performance-9/10 rear camera-9/10 front camera-7/10 gaming-8/10 battery backup-9/10 touch-10/10(smoothest) audio quality (speaker)-9/10 audio quality (headphone) 9/10 video playback-9/10 display quality-9/10 MIUI-9/10 web browsing-9/10(in 2g Vodafone) download and upload speed-9/10(in 2g) no heating issues at all which is a plus. Now the cons:- the front camera is not good so for selfie lovers it is not a good phone. the apps are not movable to SD card. the three touch capacitive buttons are not backlit which is not a big issue. there is no headsets or screen protector given in the box. I will rate this phone overall - 8/10. thanks to Amazon for a good service.
Pros : ★ ★Good design ★Stylish looks ★Brilliant display ★Good battery life(Gives around 1.50 days) ★Fast charging ★Front Camera is awesome for Selfies and Skype ★Call quality is very good as this has a second noise cancellation mic ★Good value for money ★No heating problems Cons : 1. RAM is less,If you are heavy user you might not like this phone very much. Less multitasking possible. 2. Apps not Movable to SD Card 3. No earphones in the box 4. I said "Battery Last 1.5days" Why because MIUI Kills all app in background. You wont get app Notification if not opened. NOTE: Follow the steps to solve the whats-app push notification problem on your redmi 2 device! 1. Go to the Security app which is pre installed on the device 2.Click on Permissions. 3. Click on Auto-start. 4.Select whats-app and turn it on for whats-app. 5. Now Reboot your device . Same thing do it for other apps also at a time. I am receiving all the notification whenever i switch on the data or wifi service. Same thing for Multitasking if you want to run the process in background then do it Open recent task panel, just swipe down on any app and it will be locked then wont be killed. This will solve your problem. Overall,Its a complete package for basic phone users within 7k, it has almost all the sensors and features that you need in a smartphone. You can go for it :-)
Dont buy dis guys....so much heating problem on dis device even when on stand by d device will heat..,go for another... I dont know amazon can return dis or not...
Well, im writing this review after using the phone for 2 weeks. If you are a heavy user and also using the phone for daily use i wont recommend this phone to you. First about the phone, Good looks-both UI (MiUi 6) and Device looks super classy! The touch is very responsive and you feel like using a flagship range smartphone. The camera is awesome for close shots, but not so good if you take some distant shots. The themes and other special features are so superb, and some unique features are also there which are only found in Mi devices. Now about the internal storage , its 8gb on board and we will get 5+gb for usage, but the apps can't be moved to sd eventhough it supports sd card,that's a bad move. Now about the multi tasking ability,please dont think of high level multi tasking in this device, it is IMPOSSIBLE here. If you are using more than one appa which are of medium size, you will see a white screen and takes time to switch in between. The RAM management is very poor, after installing the necessary apps in my phone, iam getting only lessthan 300mb out of 1gb and sometimes even lessthan 90 mb which made the device hang at times. If the device comes with a 2gb ram,its an awesome buy at 7k. But its value for money for normal users like ladies or Middle aged people who uses the less possibilities of smartphone. If you are geeky user, please stay away from this device. I have purchased from amazon, and as always amazon is best in customer satisfaction . Thankyou !
The MIUI launcher is very good but a bit heavy. Just install Nova launcher and Quickpic gallery, set those as default and the phone then runs very smooth. Definitely not for performance hungry people. Very good for those who just get into the smartphone world. Build quality : Very good and exceptional for this price. Camera : Both cameras are pretty good. Front camera saturates image a bit more and back cam images look slightly washed out. But still pretty good for price. Flash : It's exceptional. Flash is powerful. As a torch too, serves great purpose. Battery : If no data is used and no games played it easily lasts for 3 days for calling purpose. With no games but data enabled gives 2 day performance. With everything in action, one full day. Screen : Miraculous for this price. Brightness, color reproduction, viewing angles are top notch. Verdict : 5 star was the actual score but the phone doesn't scope very well with multitasking. A little more ram would have been a boon to this already awesome device.
I purchased it the day before yesterday. I feel that the camera result is somehow not good. When I click the photographs they are just look like a bit blackish So advice me what should I do ? if there is some settings related problem then suggest me or I send it back for replacement
The phone's display is really good, And the UI is awesome . U can buy this phone for its great HD display and UI alone. Battery backup is good. 8 mp camera is good while in the outdoor.Front camera is decent The phone comes not with ear phone. i am using Sennheiser CX 180 Street II. it is very nice to listing music with Poweramp application. Pro Great display Good camera in outdoor, Low cost, Nice and smooth touch Mi's UI Compactness, Phone's royal look, It has OTG, Con no auto focus, Heats up little bit, U can use 4g in this phone but in our country 4g is not available now. Redmi 2 is the best phone under 7k,
Value for money. Bought it for my 13 year old daughter, who likes it a lot! Screen brightness is okay only at full level. Tad slow compared to the MI3 - but it is to be expected from a phone in this price range.
this is the best phone you can get at this price tag.....everything is awesome but i expected a 5'' display this time but that's okay coming to the 4.7'' display its one of the best budget smartphone's display i've ever seen colours are decently saturated and super vivid you'll surely love this phones's display and 312 ppi makes the 4.7 inch display a lot sharper ...yeah,viewing angles are awesome too and brightness is optimum and sunlight legibility is good but not great. and coming to build quality don't expect a ground breaking design or something its just pretty basic but its pretty solid at this price and it'll look a lot like the redmi 1s and there's a removable back when you open the back you'll get access to the 2,200mAh battery, two slots for micro sim cards and a microSD card slot. and what makes this phone look cool is absolutely the red coloured navigation keys they remind me of tron bikes and stuff haha.... and there's a led light below the home nav key it lights up when u got a notification alerts.coming to software the phones runs on xiaomi's home grown custom ui called MIUI and this phone comes with MIUI6 Android 4.4 KITKAT ...i really don't like this ui it looks like cartoonish and childish and there's no app drawer like other chinese mobile manufactures also do to their ui's i really hate the idea of killing the app drawer but a good thing about this ui is its ability to customize the user interface with themes, downloadable wallpapers and clocks. The Themes app offers a large number of free themes, each of which comes with a different set of icons, wallpapers, app switcher, font style, sounds, lock screen styles and even system apps. It's worth pointing out that some MIUI themes don't work with MIUI 6 but i really don't like this ui at all that's my opinion about the ui im not sure you'll love it or not though. coming to camera redmi 2 packs a 8MP Rear with 5-element lens has an ƒ/2.2 aperture to capture more light, and 28mm wide-angle lens to cover a wider area And an LED Flash and there's a 2MP front snapper and there's nothing special about the 2 snapper it just do its work. the photos came from rear camera are good at this price tag good colour reproduction but some times colours look worn out overall the photos are above average and can comparable with budget mobiles like lenovo a6000 and moto e and even moto g. coming to performance this the most important thing on a smartphone and guess what? redmi 2 wins a lead here with ultra smooth performance at this price tag but there are little hiccups while navigating through MIUI6 no phone can come close except the lenovo A6000 which has similar hardware.Powered by a 1.2GHz Qualcomm Snapdragon 410 64-bit quad-core processor with 1GB RAM and Adreno 306 GPU, it comes with 8GB internal storage out of which 5.75GB is available to the user. The phone also features a microSD card slot that supports storage cards of up to 32GB. and the games ran smooth on medium settings and temps are - display-41c...back-43.2c,,,this is honest review of redmi 2 and verdict is With the Redmi 2, Xiaomi has got another winner at its hand. At a price of Rs 6,999, the phone offers a great display (for its price), mid-range hardware and a good camera. The dual-mode, 4G dual-sim make it the perfect future-ready, affordable device. Perhaps, Xiaomi can fine tune the software to reduce the minor performance niggles. Other than that, it's the best option if you're looking to buy your first smartphone. If you already own a Redmi 1S then we'll not suggest buying the Redmi 2 as it's only a minor upgrade.
gr8 value for money!! if your redmi 2 is getting hot while idle make sure you have disabled GPS.from your drop down toggle list long press the gps icon and disable the access my location option.hope this helps;-)
ITS AMAZING AND ITS FEATURES AND ALSO BATTERY BACK UP AND CAMERA ALSO GOOD SCREEN SIZE 4.7 INCH LIKE 5 INCH MOBILE GREAT IN DEAL BUT DIS ADVANTAGE NO HANDS FREE KIT AVAILABLE AND SCREEN GUARD . OVERALL IN PRICE RANGE VALUE FOR MONEY. ITS LIKE 15000 MOBILE RANGE FEATURE AND I ALSO USED I PHONE COMPARE TO BEST DEAL.
Good product with good spec. Pros Camera Display 4G dual sim MIUI is customization is good. Cons MIUI GUI eats up lots of memory due to which freezes sometime with multiple tabs in Chrome (By using RAM Expander app able to get things going) There is some bug in notifications of whatsapp and other apps even after enabling all the notification and auto run option. Hope it get fixed soon Final verdict - Cant get better one in this price range.
I am using the phone for last one week and I am very happy with it. The camera is good, but no self timer (did I miss it?). I Installed Google Camera and it works nice. Battery is on the smaller side, but it goes fine for a whole day with Wi-Fi and 3G. 2G internet is little slower than my older Xolo Q800. And one very important thing that I can see is that the download speed is lower than the previous phone. Not sure if it is due to the Wi-Fi I use (but I have always used the same Wi-Fi, with my other phones). The MIUI (version 6.3.5.0) is nice and it really gives a feeling like that of iOS. I am not a fan of iOS, but using a different skin than stalk Android is fine - a little challenging at times too. I am still trying to learn the various things/features of it. I really miss the back-light on the Home, Menu and Back buttons, but I already knew it before buying the phone. May be I will get accustomed with it in few weeks. Other than that, I am happy with the speaker sound, the transition effects, connectivity and the MIUI experience. I am sure now that it was a good buy. Go for it! It's far more than good for 7K! Amazon, needs to boost up their delivery speed. I wished it came little earlier and I had not have to wait for the entire weekend for the delivery. Staying in Bangalore, I believe I should get any order delivered within 2/3 days. Got the other time before the weekend itself, but not the phone.
Redmi 2 is good one except its hangups, confusing and complicated language and functioning in comparison to other phones like Iphone, Samsung and Nokia.
It's More Than Amazing. it's Looks Like Cheap Iphone Camera and Screen Quality Is Too Good But You Didn't Get Phone Bill Or Warranty Card
dont thinkl of buying moto e2 over this phone, the phone is well built the main reason is this is extremely light in weight, though the vibrations buttons are not visible in dark,thats the only fault the camera is best in this range and the interface is good.
Great phone. At 6999/- it does what it says and that is giving a great value for money. The back cover has a smooth matte finish. I own a Xiaomi Mi 3 and it is a beast of a phone so I trusted Xiaomi and gifted this Redmi 2 phone to my brother for his birthday and it lived up to my trust and expectations. Great camera, Hardware, Customisable Software, Amazing Build quality for its low price and a great value for money.
Absolutely amazing phone for its price.The package contains the phone, batteries and charger. No headphones though. The built quality is very good and feels very nice to hold. The UI is very smooth and responsive..Heats a bit when usage is heavy. The battery lasts all day on moderately heavy usage.All in all i am extremely satisfied with the product and delivery by amazon. Please do not hesitate to buy
I am using this phone from last 6 days and the phone is best in this price range, good cameras, battery will give full day backup, speed internet browsing, no lagging, high pixel display, miui is brilliant and awesome. In heavy multi tasking it gives some heat. Its not a big issue. Overall performance is good. Better delivery as compare to snapdeal n flipkart. Thanks Amazon's Team.
Delivered in 1 day by paid 1 day delivery. Regarding Phone : Pros : Elite look Crisp image from 8MP Night image is good No hanging issue Battery back up is good Crystal clear display No heating issue (It depend on network, game,continuous use etc ) Best buy 6999/- with such configurations Free 5.5 Internal memory for apps,music etc (too much) 32 Gb memory slot Cons : No color choice No hands free Poor Service centre network
In flipcart n snapdeal they give free offer of 3g internet for 3 months . But y u ppl won't offer that..
Best phone with excellent camera but disappointed in dark. Best camera in 15000 segment phone. Speed and battery backup is good. Must buy for better experience. Screen size is portable and swefty key is good for typing. Display is also very sharp. Ram may be more but manageable. MI Ui is excellent. After update Miui heating issue is not seen
I am satisfied with the phone's performance ...... but the RAM and BATTERY LIFE made me a little bit unhappy ... i should have gone for 16 GB version ... the one with 2 gb RAM ... BUT AT A PRICE OF 6999 , it is a very good deal.... but i am vey much unsatisfied with the delivery options .. it took 2 days more than predicted date of delivery ... GATI SERVICES , just suck ..... they also have very bad costumer feedback and support facility ... but all i know ...that i got my phone ... and i am happy with this deal !!! :)
Undoubtely this is the best phone in this price range with loads of features which u will hardly get on any other phones.. BUT I used it for about 10 days & saw that the device got sometyms slow and one of the most annoying thing that I was not getting my watsapp,fb,mail notifications instantly most of the times..
I am using this phone since one month,bought it from flip kart, excellent display and camera.battery life is OK for a days use.phone does not heat up and has no lag.highly recommended do not think twice before buying as it is 4G compact able with very good WiFi speed .just go for it .
a good budget oriented phone under 7k with 4g *pros build quality display camera software *cons slight heating problem(gaming and using 3g) ram mangement (6/10) not much diffrence in look with redmi 1s Occasional stutters and slowdowns
Ist a good phone, only thing I miss ..16 GB internal storage and good battery...
I don't wanna share good things as since all are aware it. 1)Bad is no headset 2) No extra accessories other than battery. 3) OS not much User friendly compare to Android OS. 4) No other headsets compatible for these devices you need to buy separate MI compatible.
I give 5 Stars to this phone because of its quality of build, in such price the phone is extraordinary. You will be simply amazed by its looks and performance. Heating issue is not there while charging the phone. Overall its totally worth to buy this phone at this price.
this phone is real smart phone. it can easily beat samsung and other brands. i really suggested to all to buy this good smartphone. im really happy with this phone no complaints everything is good. packeging, product and accessories are in very good and no.1 condition.
The look is very nice
Review aftr 7days..! Hardware - 9/10 Camera - 7.5/10 Speaker - 9/10 Software - 8/10 Ram management - 6/10 Display - 8/10 Sometimes getting heat bt not much cleanmaster+antivirus+applock al in one Amazon - 9/10 whatelse u can get at 7k Go for it #Iyaps
So far so good. After using the phone for one day I can say that it is a perfect phone for the budget range. Though I will update the review, if I felt some issue with the phone. The best thing about the phone is its touch sensibility. That is simply awesome. Camera doesn't looks that good, but still that is fine.
Hats off to Amazon for timely delivery in such a demanding period of time the offer season. Thanks Amazon for such an amazing service. For Xiomi, Mi Redmi there's no doubt great phone.... No phone can compete with front camera quality...still no.1.
Excellent Piece in this price range with great quality of camera... I give 11 out of 10 for camera feature in this price range phones comparison... all other stated features of phone are perfect...in terms of battery, speakers etc... etc...
Excellent phone, and on time delivery by amazon. Full recommendation.
It's a very good phone for average users. If you are not high end users, this phone is just perfect. Excellent performance, excellent battery, excellent interface. I have added another 32 gb SD card for storing photos. This is cheapest best phone.
Best mobile phone at rs 6999 I hv using redmi 1 last six month Redmi 1 have heating and battery problem. But redmi 2 is best not heating problem And battery backup is good at least one day.. Camera quality is very good HD video recording 4G support.. 8 GB internal memory .. I want to sujjest all pls buy this mob if ur budget is below rs 10.000
Redmi 2 is good ... It's very compact to use & MIUI is superb to work... Audio & video quality s also nice ... Camera quality s much better in lightning,,,, I thing best smart phone for 7k But, rarelly its get heat while use Internet
I was bit unsure about mi phones, but the phone met all my expectations and was delivered exactly on the date that was promised. In this amount, it was a complete value for money. Thanks Amazon, for delivering it on a very short notice.
Received this phone in 2 days, well within timelines. Initial impressions were good. But within minutes of using it, I relaised something was wrong. Faced following issues with the phone: 1. During my first use, even while doing simple things like changing settings, phone froze multiple times and restarted. Thought it to be software issue, an update was available, updated the software. After the update, restart issue was still there, though it was not happening that often. Earlier it was restarting multiple times while using, after update it was restarting a couple of times in a day. Felt more like software issue than hardware, or may be coz of less RAM it was being irratic. 2. Now the main pain was, whenever someone is called, they complained of voice being very low at their side, though everything was fine at this end. Initially it felt like one off issue, or network issue. But the more it was used, the more complaints were received from called party. So realized it to be hardware fault. I returned it on 14th finally. I could live with restart issue coz that was bad software and less RAM but being unable to call someone comfortably is something that is not expected. I am not sure if its a common issue or just my device was faulty. Going by reviews here from people I guess I got a faulty device. I bought it for my wife and she was happy with looks, camera and other features of the phone. Had it not been call issue it would still have been with her.
quality is good.material used is best one , best product at amazon
Hello Guys, I compared this with ASUS ZenFone (2 GB RAM) and Moto G (1st Gen) and also with Moto E (1st Gen), this phone stands tall and stays no. 1 in terms of: Camera quality (Pics and Videos are very fine with decent audio quality) Display Quality (Very Crisp and Vivid) Sound Quality is very loud even on single speaker, I did not try out in headset or earphone. Both SIMs have 4G LTE, no one is giving this even in 15-20K segment. Call quality is very good as this has a second noise cancellation mic. Front Camera is awesome for Selfies and Skype. Battery Life seems to good as I used only for one day, it will last for more than a day for moderate use, like 1-2 hrs of calls, 1-2 hrs of internet surfing, 2-3 hrs of Whatsapp and FB. Its a decent phone with customized Android, Its a complete package for basic phone users within 7k, it has almost all the sensors and features that you need in a smartphone. You can go for it ........
Redmi2 - Nice Look. Good Design. Light weight. Camera and Display is too Good. Within 7K you can't get these many in other phones. I am happy with this product. They could have give headset with this. Except that other things are fine.
Its awesome phone but usable ram is 400 (approximately) mb superb for gaming (pirates of the carrebian asphalt 8) super graphics amazing delivering from Amazon heating after gaming this is because of media server is running
1.superb build quality 2.great performance 3.good battery backup 4.excellent camera (almost zero shutter lag and quick auto-focusing) better than yureka in terms of build quality,camera and battery life.
Been using redmi 2 for 3 days now. The phone absolutely surpassed my expectations an the UI is beautiful! Thanx to MIUI It looks really elegant. Also you can buy nellkin harcase for added safety and elgance
Best phone below 10k, superb design best display and camera superb speed and full value for money.The only problem is no earphone in box and not even a screen guard and telecom operator Airtel or AIRCEL are not giving net settings .
for such a low price device is sweet don't expect much from camera in low light but during day light photos are decent gaming experience is nice good battery life u wouldn't regrade spending 7k for this device
Well Balanced Phone with a Great Display, Camera, Chipset, Sound etc. Yeah there is a Competition between Moto E 4G, Lenovo and Now Yu, But still this is the best you can get @ 7K. *Kudos Mi*
I received this phone Redmi2 this saturday. This phone is really good. Go for it. Wonderful touch experience. app responses really good. Camera image little dark. .other than this for 7k price damn worth.
Good product but otg not support properly I connected a 16gb pen drive it shows empty but reading 4gb nicely overall a good product no other problems I have purchased 2 mobile working good Thanks amazon
I am a Xiaomi loyal Customer, I have been using Mi3 for like over a year i have not faced any problems with the phone lived up to the expectations. Bought a Redmi 1 Have not faced any problems what so ever people told me do not invest in a company you do not know about and all but believe me its worth the money. but yes battery issue is there wont last for long. But thats why power banks have been made use em :p Redmi 2 is my latest purchase i havent face any problem and i do not think so i would be facing any problems. Do go for it if u are looking for BUDGET phones. Amazon delivery is just amazing !!
Pretty amazing value for money so far for the amount I paid. Do not know much about after sales support but if this device runs without any glitch for a year money is recovered
Really Great style function look,and price is amaizing.Really great prouct of Xiaomi.Thanks amazon for your great service.I Today I have recieved my Redmi2 within 4 days.
The product is as promised. Amazon as always delivering its products ahead of its time. Personally the product is too good. I purchased this for my Mom. Before giving it to her, i just did some analysis in the phone. It is user friendly. No chances for confusion. One of the best feature that i would say is the "Lite" setting which makes all the fonts bigger and readable plus only the most useful application on the screen. Handy and easy to hold as well. Only con i felt is that they could have supplied it with a headphones as i have to search for one.
Its a good phone at the budget price. No ear phone with the box is one of the cons of the product else i must have given the 5 stars to this product in place of 4 stars
I am using this phone from 1 month. I have to say its an exelent phone in gaming surfing and for taking pics.. Flash is good i have i phone 5s beleve it or not this phone can take exelent pics in night than a i phone 5s simply awesome... I am giving full support those guys who are planing to buy this nw am a xiomy fan. I ordered mi earphone as well it will get after 2 days waiting for use that also.. thumbs up for xiomy... All the best keep gng....
Best phone at this price.. Things I feel worth mentioning : -best display -best camera with fast focus -nice and lagfree ui -lightweight
just buy it guys... it's the best phone under this price range.superb dispaly and sound clarity(has Bass literally! Holy s***).gaming??? awesome HayDay's on
This redmi 2 was for my wife. I already own a 4g note. Great performance for this price. Great screen and camera quality. With the updates Redmi Rocks !
bought this phone for my 13 year old son. I am totally satisfied with the specs and performance keeping the price point in mind. All in all a good deal.
Fabulous phone at such a reasonable price...I am liking each and every feature of this phone...The phone is simply superb..Great development by Xiaomi..
gd phone but 1. battry backup is nt gd 2. headphone is nt there 3. camera is average 4.sometime wifi and tithering not working.....
Good. No heating problems. Good video and photos. Video lighting quality is bad. I am using only for calking browsing WhatsApp. Not useful for gaming.
Value for money can buy without worry
Guys, Its an awesome phone, The call Clarity, camera quality, look and performance of the phone is very good. I'm Lovin it ! Its a YES for me.
Fastest Delivery by Amazon I found this phone quite good better feel in hand in comparison to its previous redmi 1s and also seems looks good
this is superb phone, everything is good in this phone. The features and quality provided in this price are amazing. i must recommend for buying
Great product available in cheap price.Very good design with amazing touch screen.Browsing is excellent.User-friendly interface.Value for money.
At this price redmi is a champion mobile. Much smaller than redmi 1s though screen size is same. Resolution of images is good even in night.
Great phone Enjoying using it
Thanks amazon forsending a good defectless device....past gym sesensors were not working Anyways...great phone..best for the money thanks amaon
Its a brand new one, within a week I faced a problem with Headphone loose connection. Probably it would be with the mobile's problem only.
The phone is heating without charging and i want replace the mobile (Redmi 2). Please help me to replace the product as soon as possible.
Awsome product. those who are giving it 1 star, just use it once. and camera is awesome. performance is awesome. anything can't be better than this in this price range. i m using it from 2 weeks bought on fk.
Best at Rs. 6999 * There is just heating problem that irritates me while using it & secondly, Battery Drains faster due to miui os & 8 mp rear camera is not up to the mark as it should but front camera is excellent (nobody can beat it at this price range), otherwise it is best choice if your budget is Rs. 7000. * Mainly it is best choice for selfie lovers at this price range.
You cant get product lyk dis anywer... Superb phone with perfect battrey back up... Thank you Amazon and hats off to the seller TVS
nice phone and good delivery by amezzone and in a good offer during 6-8 i use it and got nice phone good camera and latest version
Good quality phone with every component working upto the mark. But seeing the current trends the price could have been a bit low.
If you are looking for an affordable 4G phone with much decent specs than the competition then this phone is for you. i got this phone from flipkart and the quality and specs are outstanding for its price point. there is no other 4G dual sim phone available at this price 6999. this phone is a clear winner. Unboxing: this phone comes in xiaomi signature recyclable cardboard box. box contains 1.phone 2. usb cable 3. charger 4. battery 5.instructions. there is no headphones or screen guard included in the box. the phone accepts dual micro sim cards with dual 4g standby. also supports microsd cards upto 32 GB. Review: *4G dual sim : signal reception is really good.no call drops. *720p HD display with 312ppi : the first thing you will notice is the quality of screen. it is beautiful. and color are outstanding. * 64 bit snapdrgon 410 : it is a low end processor. don't expect too much gaming performance. but it does an overall decent job. * MIUI 6 : clean design, full control , and customization including color full themes, cache cleaner, virus scanner, permission manager, startup manager, notification manager, call management including block list. data management * Lite mode : if you are gifting this phone to elder people, then the lite mode option is much more convenient and easier to use for them. *8MP camera : This camera takes great shot during daylight and some decent shots in low light condition. noise is visible as the light goes down but nothing much to complain about , as it is a decent camera compared to others at this price point (moto e, lenovo a6000 , android one etc.) *front camera : it tries to to predict your age as you use it. takes decent enough shots to be posted on facebook, instagram. but don't expect same quality as back camera. * speaker: the sound output from rear speaker is really loud and clear. good for watching youtube videos. *battery : surprisingly battery lasts a long time for a heavy user like me 24x7 on wifi. easy to get full day of usage from single charge. *software experience : if you are coming from a normal android phone miui will be a totally new experience for you , beautifully designed and attention to detail is really high. just take a look at the weather app , compass app, calender app, clock app, security app, . you will know how beautiful they are. it takes some time to learn about miui as there are tons of features built into the os. once you know it all you will love it. *performance. : performance is a bit hit or miss. the phone is good when you are using single apps. but if are a heavy mutitasker this phone may seem a bit slower to toggle between apps.. but it is to be expected at this price point. i hope these problems will be solved once we get android 5.0 update as it supports 64 bit processor and has art run time by default. RAM management needs some optimization. overall decent performance.
Great screen resolution, good battery life as well. Recommended for basic/medium usage. Note: no earphones included in the box.
3g video calling not supported
very good product and the camera quality is excellent.the touch is also very good.
great phone i had used i phone 5s and samsung galaxy s5 i think(it is only my statement)that this phone is better than others when comparing its value o others and also thank you 4 amazon 4 selling it . amazon rocksss
Bought it as a present for my father,Even though he doesn`t know much about smartphone,but he loves it. That`s all matters
Aswam Phone Everythink Is Best .. I think. This Phone Is Build For Camera And Sound Quality ... Just. Simply. Amazing ..
Best phone in this range exciting experience for me.. But battery capacity is poor .. But still enjoying this phone
Good phone delivered on time. gifted it to someone and got a good feedback from that person. Can't write anything more.
pretension is awesome ,looks really nice ,bt processor should be more quick other wise its really fantastic gadget !
Mobile is awesome but you have also give earphone and screengard with Mobile. Amazon service is also awesome.
Excellent mobile front camera is very good but back camera which is 8 mp is not good in Indore area. Nice mobile.
Good. I like it but once nearing the charge of 60 to 70%, hand set is getting heat. I don't know why it is so.
At this price it beats all other phones. Excellent features and good battery life and camera is also good.
Writing this review after 3 weeks of usage. Bought from another online shopping portal, not Amazon. Cons: 1. A bit of heating issue when using mobile data sometimes. 2. Sometimes the launcher takes a while to load (about 3-5 seconds) after closing chrome. 3. Speakers not front firing. The moto e has better speakers. 4. The power buttom seems a bit wobbly 5. Be sure to apply a screen protector asap, bcoz the screen s a finger print magnet 6. Not stock android smooth 7. The camera is definitely very good but branding it as an 8 mp camera does no justice. Well, that's all as of now. Not going thru d pros bcoz if u have reached this far its expected that u know the points going for the redmi 2. Have used a jailbroken iphone for a couple of yrs, a moto e. Maybe its not as smooth as moto e, miui doesnt provide as many options as jailbroken ios, but definitely redmi 2 s d perfect combo. If u r looking for a phn within 10k, look no further.
Very good phone. Suits the pocket. Great features and very user friendly. Thank you Amazon
Awesome packing, got it on time and best of all phone is factory sealed.Don't thing go with it.
Nthng else only one thing fr this phone JHAKAS.....
Excellent Phone!! loved it! Features are really nice! camera quality is excellent!
Value for money. Received before time from the Amazon. Recommends others for this product.
Xiaomi is always wondering me with its OS. its worth at this price. totally paisa vasool.
When I received that it looks like paper trash in courier but mobile is in good condition
I bought it on April 15 and the phone was working fine with battery backup of 1 day. The look and feel of this device is remarkable. There is a major issue though. the network frequency does not work in US and Mexico. The newtork Frequency supported by Redmi 2 is 4G Network FDD-LTE - Band 3 (1800 MHz) TDD-LTE - Band 40 (2300MHz) 3G Network WCDMA - Band 1 (2100 MHz) - Band 8 (900 MHz) 2G Network GSM (900/1800 MHz) Source > http://www.mi.com/in/redmi2/specs/#wire While the network frequency in Mexico is , Mexico 1900 850 3G 1700/2100 Nextel Mexico; 3G 850/1900 Iusacell; 3G 850/1900 TELCEL; 4G LTE Telcel 1700Mhz; 4G LTE Movistar 1700Mhz; Source > http://www.worldtimezone.com/gsm.html Take into consideration this before buying this device.
mobile is good.but little lagging.medium heating problem.good under low budgeted mobile.
Very Nice Product Ever I Have Orderd From Amazon Market Place Please Its Soooo Awsome!!!
Great smart phone. Longtime running NET It's hot.... Camera fine... Thanks to Amazon.
I'm one day user, good look, good produced, but vibration too low, value of money
can u download apps
Go for lenove a7000
Its good for looking and also weight is low than redmi 1S BT 3G SUPPORT IS NOT GOOD DOWNLOADING VERY SLOW JUST 48KBPS SPEED AND ALSO SLOW CHARGING NO LED LIGHTS IN NOTIFICATION BUTTONS
Its good for looking and also weight is low than redmi 1S BT 3G SUPPORT IS NOT GOOD DOWNLOADING VERY SLOW JUST 48KBPS SPEED AND ALSO SLOW CHARGING NO LED LIGHTS IN NOTIFICATION BUTTONS
really really happy with this phone and very quick delivery nice phone on this price
Redmi 2s is best mobile as compared to other mobile in the market at this price....
Very nice phone good feature good quality awesome phone Prize is too good....
The best phone with all the features I expected for just Rs.6999!!! Really awesome
It is kind a good phone available at thos price amazing we can say chinese iphone
I am purchase Mi Mobile. Two item is missing in box. Hands free And Manual Book.
Havent used the phone yet but a manual and earphones would have been just great
The back of the cover of the phone is very slippery. other is ok for the price.
Astounding phone ! Lil heating but thats fine ...! Camera quality damn good !
We have ordered Redme 2 white. Product delivered but without handset......
i think many of you get stuck out which phone to buy at this price range. According to me specs and technicalwise this phone beats infocus m2, moto e2, lenovo a6000. MIUI and 64 bit processor are strengths of this phone. If you are looking mobiles at this range then this the best pick...
Everything is good except multitasking... . Ram management is very poor
Very good phone for the price. 1day delivery impressed me.kudos amazon
Very good phone and quite cheap. Very good display. Totally satisfied.
VERY NICE PHONE
Redmi 2 is a nice phone And amazon courier services are too good
GREAT PHONE WITH GREAT SPECS,WORKING GOOD TILL NOW.. GREAT PHONE
my first comment on any website that in 6999 its a great phone ......
Just one sentence worth for the money.great features in its segment.
Just one sentence worth for the money.great features in its segment.
Arrived on time..excellent phone in this range.. dint find any drawback in first 2 days of usage.. hope this will continue :)
Is phone ka sound quality kaisa redmi1s ki phat ta to nahi reply me
Camera good Sound good easy to use style Looks juz loving it ❤❤❤❤❤
Nice product. Camera quality is good. Touch screen is sensitive.
Ph is very good but my phone's display is not working properly
love it. way better than RedMi 1 and also MotoE. Lovely phone.
Just used for a day. Pros: Good Build Quality Good Camera Fluid UI Cons: Internal Memory is too low because of the OS/UI/Pre-installed Apps Extra: Surpirsed to see some good features at this price: Miracast Support Camera includes feature which tells you age of the person in front of camera by facial recognition. (Not a very precise depends upon lighting condition and distance between camera and face, position of face etc. somewhat a fun)
love redmi 2
Awesome phone with stylish looks and powerfull performance
Very good phone at such an affordable price ... must buy
Nice mobile
Item recd without any warranty certificate and manual.
Excellent mobile!!! Good performance and handy...
Usually I don't post reviews but this phone worth to post because you know it's a new brand and people really know about opinion of different people. This was a good deal for me. I bought 2 phone and performance on both phone was outstanding. Not a single lag found on my phone. Its been month already. If you're not a big gamer then this phone is for you! And cmon who play game on small screen go get xbox or play station... Lol.
Best phone in budget range . Good delivery by Amazon
My RED ME 2 IS A VERY ADVANCED AND FINELY PERFORMING
Heating problem.. Weak networking.. Rest all good..
Heating issue with phone, otherwise phone is good.
Excellent Product,and Value for Money, working Fine
Excellent Product,and Value for Money, working Fine
Product is awesome but the delivery is very late..
Nice phone in look. Support Mc4 game also. Battery average (01day with moderate use). Camera quite good and performance is also good. You can close all apps with single touch. Inbuilt Electronic Compass . Dual mode with basic icon and miui ver 6. Support micro sim card. Performance is good in term of antutu benchmark(20000+). Simple stylish and performance packed phone in 7k budget.
Value for money Quality Hardware feels premium!!
Good delivery.. Excellent mobile This mobile compare to my Gionne m3...this a good budget mobile.. No heating issues like, good display... Battery backup is best.. and also both camera's are very good... Last but not least my favourite option OTG is excellent in 7000 price.. Finally I recommend Redmi2 is the best... ... Thanx to Amazon...
its getting too hot ..rest everything allright
Excellent product at this price. Feels premium
Delivery boy so good behavior nd fast delivery
Happy with the product quality and performance
Hi, am write this review after 10 days of usage. First of all its a good handy compactable phone and better battery life... Am a havy user also a gamer I can get it 2days battery backup. Redmi 2 is not a good camera phone pixel density is very low sou can't zoom image after take a pic, and not good for play high end games ,Asphalt 8 can play smoothly in medium setting also it has some frame drops, but it is a very good phone with in the price range....... Phone gets hang some times ,compared with zenfone 5 its better,
Nice app and sope anythings and fast delevery
Nice product as per rate i am fully satisfied
Plzz tel me frnands this is cdma sim suported
Phone is good with look and speed Camera sensor is excellent Front Camera is awesome for selfi No heating at 3G Ram is low consider the processor but speed is good No warranty card Rom 8GB but 4GB usable Gaming is awesome with 312 ppi Mobile delivery so fast in 3 days with out any cost in speed post
Can anybody say??? If U take photo of a book page...is it readable??? How is the quality... In micromax and other brand it is not possible even in 5 Megapixel camera. If u take any photo from a close distance( 30cm to 1mt) , it get blurred.... ... Can any body say about its quality??? Whether it can do automatic focusing????
Good phone with better camera and processer
the phone rocks but sends user's information and imei number and many more stuffs like text , pics , social networking status to the CHINESE SERVERS that is very risky so the phone is not recommendable for security purposes as all knows people working in air force , army etc are not allowed to use XIAOMI devices
Redmi 2 is good Amazon delivery good
heating problem , other wise good phone.
Excellent Product and Price....go for it
Excellent Product and Price....go for it
I did not find the headphone in the box.
Good phone. WIll update the review later
Value for money but WiFi direct missing
Good mobile and mobile delivery so fast
Time to time inform about delivery good
I haven't bought this phone from Amazon. I am using this phone from almost one month. It's really a great phone at this price. I have purchased the phone when it was launched. Feeling good as being able to purchase it in 1st sale. The phone never hangs. Camera quality is good. It
Excellent product! No negetive points!
high quality phone at par with nexus 5
Best deal best Product & fast delivery
I got redmi2 its very nice & beautiful
Ve4ry good phone with awesome features
Very good phone in this price range!!
Best phone 7000 bucks can get you !!!
Very Nice Mobile for economy pepole.
The phone is awesome. No handsfree.
Nice product but it will heat fast..
Best phone under 12k, go for it guys
VERY BEAUTIFUL PHONE IN THIS PRICE RANGE BATTERY RUN TWO DAYS WITH CALLING ONLY NOT ANY OTHER FUNCTION LIKE SURFING ETC. THERE IS PROBLEM WITH DOWNLOADED THEMES WHERE CHINEES LANGUAGE WRITTEN ON LOCK SCREEN CLOCK. HOPING FOR SOME GOOD ACCESSORIES.
Nice but getting heated randomly :(
Nice but getting heated randomly :(
Great phone. Meets my requirements
Excllnt fine at this price, fully loaded with apps, miui is gr8, camera also delivers crisp photos, battery OK, Colo or solu ion superb beats even a Samsung or sony 20 k device. Also nice job by amazon in product packing & shipping
good service by tvs n good product
Excellent Product.brilliant Camara
The hardware is excellent but software makes it sluggish... have to be tevh savvy
superb
Awesome phone... 1.Display is great 2.camera is awesome,best @price 3.Battery life is decent 4.Performance is good no lag 5.Mi ui 6 is good @7k Best pick among LENOVO A6000 and moto e2
Worth to buy it. Value for money
nice product but without headset
very good product........nice...
i am using very nice comfortable
Awesome phone with amazing hd display, superb camera quality, clear sound and great looks. Realy rich feeling in phone. Looks like i got a rs20000 phone in just rs7000. And amazon delivery is very good and fast.
I dont know hpw people review these days. On using for 2hrs one can coclude that camera is poor nothing like 8mp BSI and all that, discharges superfast, no earphones that means loss of 400-500 rs. Dont buy it.
The Redmi 2 is very good when compared to other Budget Phones available in market. Working superbly. The product was delivered around six days prior to the expected date.... So it exceeded my expectations.
Nice phone,sound quality ok...
Awsum phone :) jst loved it :*
good phone it this price range
nice phone.. happy with this
Awesome...... value for money
Awesome piece and super light
Have to pay 100 rupee fo deli
Best for this price. Look's good. Both SIM slots support 4G/3G. Easy switching between SIMs. Display clear under sunlight also. Heating just below the back camera was experienced even in idle condition during the first two days. Battery drained vastly too. But problem disappeared automatically. Meanwhile I have enabled preinstalled Security by Mi. Now the battery charge extended beyond 24hrs. Pros: 1. USB-OTG 2. Light sensor & proximity sensor 3. 3G Support on both SIMS 4. Wi-Fi Display & Miracast/Display Mirroring 5. Descent Camera 6. Excellent speech quality at both end 7. Great sound quality Cons: 1. Instability like heating problem The software is not bug free. It is seen that screen rotates sometimes despite screen rotation is off. Also, some attachments in gmail are not downloaded via 2g/3g and notified that the file size require Wi-Fi despite the packet data file size is set to unlimited. Even minor updates comes with huge size - over 500MB. No incremental update available for stable ROMs.
AWSOME PRODUCT FOR MI LOVERS
Thats awesome cell phone....
Amazing Phone at this price.
This mobile is amazing works
It was very awesome product.
its a g8 n gud looking phone
gud phn...accept back cover
Good pack of amazing phone
best phone in this range
Super happy with Redmi 2
Nice mobile best price
good
I Lovering this product
Absolutely great phone.
For playing big games..
Those who are complaining about apps like true caller,whatsapp not working and you are not getting notifications.so here is the solution 1)Goto security app 2)select permission 3)auto start (if you want apps like WhatsApp to work all time add them) MIUI is good for security. apps can't locate your locations without your permission so that's good for us not unlike Samsung if you install app you can't contain app when to start or close it. If you want any apps to open and don't ask for notifications select I trust this app option. Xiaomi is best company when comes to security because of that inbuilt security app it depends on whether you use it or not. This is the best phone under 10k guys who are complaining about are may be first time users or they have used s**t phones from samsung under 10k.
Xiaomi Redmi 2 is a brilliant phone with customized MI UI from Xiaomi Pro's 1. Good display , the 720p display is crisp with good viewing angles 2. Camera is good with flash 3. Lighter than previous generation Redmi 1s 4. Improved design 5. Can hadle a lot of multitasking with no lag 6. Graphics Intensive games are peice of cake 7. No Heating issues 8. 4G LTE (Welcome to the next gen) Con's 1. MI UI is 90% similar to IOS (might annoy perfectionist's) 2. Design is not the best a bit bulky 3. A bit difficult to use in single hand 4. There's no 5.0 lollipop 5. Non user customizable UI Overall it's a good buy for 7k .. Impressive capabilities and features to keep you busy
Xiaomi Redmi 2 is a brilliant phone with customized MI UI from Xiaomi Pro's 1. Good display , the 720p display is crisp with good viewing angles 2. Camera is good with flash 3. Lighter than previous generation Redmi 1s 4. Improved design 5. Can hadle a lot of multitasking with no lag 6. Graphics Intensive games are peice of cake 7. No Heating issues 8. 4G LTE (Welcome to the next gen) Con's 1. MI UI is 90% similar to IOS (might annoy perfectionist's) 2. Design is not the best a bit bulky 3. A bit difficult to use in single hand 4. There's no 5.0 lollipop 5. Non user customizable UI Overall it's a good buy for 7k .. Impressive capabilities and features to keep you busy
Simply Excellent Phone
I didn't get gift warp
Overall good mobile.
Very niceeeeee phone
Wonderful phone.... The only downside is really slippery back panel which makes it very hard to grip the phone.
Best phone under 7k
I took this phone for my daughter.she became really very happy to see her new cell.very nice cell.
God one go for it.
best phone ever :D
g8 mobile to have
Mast phone h bhai
I miss redmi 1s though had only two flaws, weaker battery and heating issue. But this fone is nowhere in the race with redmi 1s. It's battery backup and heating issues however have been resolved but it can't satisfy interms of internet speed. It lags at multitasking. It's ram succumbs and takes along to recover. Looks more weak than a 512mb power. Always Chinese, use n throw.
Nice phone using from one month Nice display Good camera and battery No issue at all. Amazon delivery service is amazing And customer service support is excellant
amazing phone for this price fast ≠at delivery by Amazon.in the only disappointing matter is - NO HEADPHONES vth this pack.
Nice
I bought this phone for my sister...it gives its best performance and its true that you would be surprised with its extra ordinary features
excellent one...
out standing....
Up to mark fr 7k
Hey there! I am using this phone from last 6 days and the phone is best only if you buy it with the rubber back cover. Pros. Stylish,sleek,soft,crystal clear display,stereo speakers,earphone equalizer modes,MI interface,fast charging feature,normal size,good front facing camera,notification LED light. Cons. Cheap plastic,very slippy,touch buttons does not lit up,little heating,primary camera average,little lag,unseen notifications,lack of service centers in many areas.
It was not even capable of downloading an app from play store when i received item on evening. It was constant rebooting while connected to WiFi. So i made return request. Also download 500mb of update zip at night. Updated Redmi 2 on next morning just to give a try. Now it works fine. Mobile is as described. 500mb update is quite big and hectic for non broadband users with this kind of heating issues. It will be really comfortable for users if sellers gives in box updates
Value for money
Value for money
Nice product...
Very Good One.
good price
I'm impressed with the phone at this price and with greater quality. Even it is a budget phone,i never felt that i'm using a budget phone. I didn't face any lags or heating issue while normal usage.if your budget is for 7k just go for it. Don't think. Thanks xiaomi for setting a new benchmark for a budget phone with premium features.Finally thanks AMAZON for speedy delivery,i got it the next day. Keep it up
Big thanks to the seller and Amazon to deliver this product in just a day. My reaction on the first day of usage : 1. Ingenious UI features. Pretty amazed at the small nifty little things. 2. Security app is buff. Nicely designed and hands over pretty much full control over the device to the user. 3. This thing weighs astoundingly less. 4. Expandable storage. Phew! Until now I was happy and would recommend it to anyone. Then I installed some apps ( about 15, no games) and put in my old 32 Gigs SD card class 10 (mind you!). My reaction after the above mentioned set up : 1. Quora and songs couldn't run simultaneously without lagging and stuttering in the sound. At one point I had to close the music app and restart it. 2. Twitter and Instagram didn't run simultaneously with very extreme lag and unresponsive feedback of the scroll. 3. And then happened the ugliest, most hideous bummer in the history of Kitkat : "Loading launcher". Seriously, it used to load it's launcher many a times. I mean I do understand lack of RAM but at least you gotta lock the "home" in it. 4. More than 3 apps in the memory will slow this thing down leading to "negative productivity" and eventually loss of hairs! 5. Multitasking is what I wanted off from this phone and it failed badly. Camera and other features like call recording were nice though as mentioned in above comments. But loading launcher, Bruv! My reaction on the third day : I saw myself installing Quickr and OLX in my iPad to sell this dumb piece of garbage. Free advice : Go for Motorola. And if you really are a power user, wait, collect more money and buy a phone with higher specifications.
Sim Card Slot not working. Requesting team to contact me asap
What a surprise for everyone who is techy and love to grab new mobiles. Great looking budget phone. Stunning 4.7 inch HD display Sound  like a small sound box Very light weight phone Great battery life upto 2 days on normal use Camera is better than all other including Redmi note 4G Everything fine but Xiomi should give headphone and screen guard in free
perfect phone
Excellent !!
Nice product
Nice mobile.
It is awsome
superub phn.
ggod product
I love the Product, Why there is so much restriction on purchasing, Companies unnecessary making fuss about it, if there is demand then suppy it.
super phone
I had bought a Redmi for my cousin and it developed a speaker problem. I was surprised to find that there was no Service center in the whole of North Kerala ! and service center folks told me you have no option, but to travel at least 250km plus to the nearest Service Center. This is the situation for a city sporting an Internation Airport and having metro population. Mi are you listening ? Look here before you order - http://www.mi.com/in/service/repair else you may have to shell out money for travel
GET A FREE UBER CAB RIDE Hi Friends, One more great offer is going on, Download the Uber cab app from play store and sign up using the promo code GYULX to get first Uber cab ride free upto Rs. 600 . Use the Promo code GYULX and enjoy the free ride on Uber. Try it once and enjoy free ride
Cool phone
nice phone
Awsm phone
great deal
Going good
nice phone
After using this phone three days.l am writing this review. I was got this phone on Sunday.Simply this is a awesome.superb display vary smooth touch.Camera quality is very good.easy to handle and looks very cool.Simply I want to say that this is best option in this price.
What more one can ask in this price./?
Best budg
Excellent
Very Nice
Excellent
Very good
Reasons to buy Redmi 2 I have used Redmi 1S which i gave to my sister in law after using for a few months and bought Redmi 2 and it is a major upgrade and fixes all the things I missed on Redmi 1S. Lemm tell you the reason to buy Redmi 2 compared to Moto E or Moto G2 or even some Samsung phones like the Grand Duos etc that are priced more too but offer much less value for Money. Great Things About Redmi 2: 1. AWESOME BATTERY LIFE: I wasn't expecting this great a battery life because I didn't read much about it on the internet. Though by mAH size it aint that gr8 but hold on, it lasts easily for a day. I am a heavy user, and by heavy I don't mean Gaming, What i mean is heavy whatsapp, youtube, tubemate and browsing user. My screen is on a lot. Best part about the MI User Interface (MIUI) is that it kills the apps running in the background so as to save the battery. Therefore if you wanna try listening to All India Radio, Saavn or Gaana; Mind you that you would need to go to settings > developer options and enable at least 2 App to run in the background so as to listen to music while you browser or whatsapp and it ain't difficult. The bottom line is that the battery life is spectacular. This proves that even 4000 mAH battery won't do wonders when your OS sucks. Samsung and Micromax and other Lenovo have terrible User Interfact/OS and stupid apps that run in the background leeching our battery life. Thankfully Redmi 2 has a clean User Interface. 2. Front Camera Selfies: I so love the front camera feature, the beauty face mode by default makes you look good and thats what we all want. Besides, it will make you look super stunning if you increase the brightless by tapping on screen and moving ur finger clockwise after you get the brightness circle indicator. Trust me, this front camera is top notch. 3. Rear Camera and Color Capture: The colors captured with Redmi 2 are very very vivid, they may be over saturated but thats what we all want. If you click a green grass you dont want it to look dull, thats what Redmi 2 does click a green grass and red flower pic and see how vibrant the pic will look. Redmi Adds life to the colors and photos. Click a pic of cloud formation and see how beautifully it captures. Rear camera is best here. Even better than Moto G2, 4. Touch: Smooth like butter 5. Doesnt Heat up 6. Call Clarity; It is much much much better than Redmi 1S..i wasnt so happy with call quality of redmi1s but redmi2 seem to have taken care of that problem very well. 7: Speaker Volume: Quite audible and does it job well. Very well. 8. Free Ram is generally 367 MB without any app running and you can increase it by following some videos on youtube and it will give you a free ram of at least 450 MB For me even 367 is fair enough.
Phone is good. But no earphones in the box But these mobile phone company is so damn cunning that , you can't use your existing 3.5 mm earphones with this phone. Dissapointed.And surprised nobody mentioned that in the reviews.
I bought redmi 2white ,when I'm calling on WhatsApp then display light getting off and not being on pressing power button blzz let me know what problem it is and phone also heating when charging please let me know My cntct n.8685904123
Nice Pic
Its awesome yr! I got it yesterday in ma mail its awesome its all features are just mindblowing n its working so good n speed is superb i can share anything from anywhere i love it!!!!!!! U must buy dis one yaar!!!!!!
Super mobile... After installing few apps ram occupied 85% but no lags Display, camera, sound and touch performance is good. After discharge battery it takes 2 1/2 hours to full charge
This is my first smart phone... it has all the functions in it...bought it on may 4 till now no issues. nice build quality and battery backup best phone under 10k range. suggest it to my friends
Nice mobile in this range
Good one in this price. Heated mobile until charging and ear hone not provide with this phone while all mobile company provide.hardware is nice but software some good only.
Phone is nice, great features by redimi. While coming to Amazon no complaints they are simply awesome but the phone camera is not fine i'm bit disappointed with this
awesum
Decent
Ordered it on 11th April received the veryvnext day. But since then it is hanging. Apps are crashing and even there's no notification too. Notification never arrives for any of the apps at all. It heats up a lot.
I have been using this phone from 2 weeks now and here are my observations: Pros: 1.Brilliant HD display with very good viewing angles 2.Battery life is just too good. A single full charge lasts for 1.5 days with moderate usage 3.Front and rear camera is very good. The picture quality is better than Moto G(2nd Gen) 4.Speaker output is loud and music quality through headphones is really awesome. You just have to select appropriate settings from sound menu 5.Support for 4G LTE at this price makes it full future proof phone with Snapdragon 410 chipset(Even Moto G 2nd Gen has older 400 chipset without LTE support) 6. Multicolour notification LED Cons: 1. 1GB RAM makes the phone sluggish sometimes while heavy multitasking but I didn't noticed any lag in general usage 2.The back is quite slippery so you have to use case with the phone to prevent accidental drop. 3.The hardware buttons are not back lit which makes the usage in darkness little difficult 4.This is not a con but I personally don't like MIUI launcher but fortunately you can install Google Now Launcher. Overall this is the best phone you can buy under 10K right now. I'll update this review if I face any problem with the device.
I am already user of Redmi1 also. Redmi2 is better in terms of weight and touch experience. Moreover it does not get heat at all unlike Redmi1.
I have brought this mobile,only thing that it shows internal memory 5.60gb only,but in about phone it shows 8 gb.is it 8 or 5.60 gb,clarify me
Better delivery as compare to snapdeal n flipkart. N redmi2 is the best in class mobile.. Feature is like a i own 15k mobile
Worst
Display is not too good. Camera is awesome. Speakers are awesome and front camera is poor rest all good
Phone is nice and slick.. But no warranty card no headphones .. Would go for other phone than this..
Awesome product for dis price... Excellent music system.but the camera doesnt look like 8 mp.
Fine
Good
nice
good
Good
good
Very very poor performance ...very very heating problem...I am not satisfied with this product.
wow awesome smart phone with good pricing and customisation of product user friendly
Redmi 2 good in class working smoothly and good display overall good budget phone
good phone,seller should give at least one flip cover and screen guard,headphone
Product is below average, specially both Camera is not good, Most of the reviews are fake here, ask the person who has already bought
Best 4G phone under 15k.. It's build quality and displays are excellent ..
Good mobill redmi 2 Mobill hoto eesha. Bhai bhai
This Phone is excellent,i brought this from flipkart. Only problem in this the usage of RAM is more,only 100-200MB is free. Light weight. Rich feeling while holding in hand. Display color quality is superior. Picture quality look better than Redmi1. Battery backup is good. Performance is good enough. UI is cool !! Front camera is not good. :( Finally worth for the money spent on this.....
Redmi 2, successor to the already Popular Redmi 1s is one of the best Budget Android phones you can buy in India. Good to see Xiaomi now selling these devices on Amazon and Snapdeal too. Display : Sharp 4.7 inches Screen with 312PPI and Corning Gorilla Glass 2 Protection Network : Dual Sim, GSM + LTE Hardware : 64bit Qualcomm MSM8916 Snapdragon 410 Chipset with Quad-core 1.2 GHz Cortex-A53 CPU and Adreno 306 GPU Ram : 1GB Internal Memory : 8GB Camera : 8MP BSI Camera / 2MP Front Facing Shooter Battery : Li-Po 2200 mAh battery Redmi 2 is lighter and slightly slimmer than it's predecessor and has overall better specs, resulting in better performance.Expect some lags here and there as 410 chipset is not known for high performance. MIUI 6 on top of Android 4.4 Kitkat runs the show. The UI is overall smooth and well designed, giving a pleasing look and feel. Touch response, color reproduction and viewing angles are all very good on it's 720P HD Screen. It has a Li-Po 2200 mAh battery which will give a day of average/moderate use with data/wifi on which is quite normal for an Android device. The camera Performance is not very mindblowing, but for the price it is Good and will easily trump many other phones priced at this range. Front facing camera is just average. Overall a good budget device with a well designed, feature packed operating system on board. Good Value for Money Budget device. If you are a Stock Android fan, you should consider getting a Moto E 2nd Gen instead. Other devices to consider - Lenovo A6000, A7000, Huawei Honor Holly etc.
ORDER # 402-5745806-2102738 It Get over heated 50-60 ^C in using 15 min gaming or 3G usage. By an hour you can make omelet on your Brand New MI2 If you use it for 2-2.5 hrs charging drop from 100%-nill. reduced from 35% to nill within night on without any use. Rest performance wise it can beat iPhone 5 or any other Pricy phone. After all Made in China. :)
I like mi phone. I used redmi 1s it was camera too good. Now I ordered today redmi 2 . I want to order yureka but I change my mind. Yureka camera is not good I read nagative cosmores review so I go for redmi 2. I 2 times cancelled redmi 2 on flipkart.
gud product. but they r selling this item without earphones
I am using redmi1s as a secondary phone Very good phone in this price segment. Display and performance just amazing. Biggest con for me is it is heavier and slippery. Redmi2 will definitely be much better as far it's wt is concerned. But slippery part may not go away. Still nice phone to have.
nice phone at affordable price .excellent features.
Amazing phone , good quality and vaku for money
All you need in a budget smart phone is here!
ok
I have just few days bought this produc is good for battery life & about price but software is not good.because no menu key in screen and after that I installed a launcher but system working very slow,camera is better then moto g 2nd gen,back and front camera is very good, Ram performance is not satisfied,display quality is average,design is not bad,But main disappointed is that No Headfone with mobile
Hello amazon team I purchased this phone but its over heating n now its not switching on n charging plz look on to this serious issue matter as soon as possible 9886729878
Bought for my mother.Liked the phone.
Superb phone......Nice product......
Nothing like a leap jump from its predecessor 1S in term of hardware. Still at this price few options are there
You got to be kidding me if you say Redmi 1s is sluggish. There's no way the phone is slow or doesn't multi-task. I dumped my new phone worth 15k, and have not regretted buy redmi 1s. This device packs a punch. No problems whatsoever. @IZN- Upgrade your device's OS. If you are still encountering problems with your device, may be you are not using it the way it is meant to. Amen
i purchase redmi 2mobile. This is poor phone please do not purchase this phone the biggest problem is data problem data connectivity not suitable network problem in the phone
I will come to know after using it for a while.
good phone.No complaints
Write your review here
Awesome phone.. 5stars
Super awsome phone... i jst luv it...
I got this product...
Awesome phones. . .
ITS AMAZING...
The phone hardware is excellent but MIUI 6 is not that much good pre installed apps uses too much of internal memory And almost 200-300 free ram get available so asphalt 8 also lags Not that much good in gaming
I liked the set but in the spec of the product nowhere it was mentioned that the set can take only micro sim, not a regular sized one. The entire effort was wasted due to this omission from supplier
Amazing phone under 7000 because phone specifications is like that moto g 2 nd gen. And amazing camera quality, 4.7 IPS display and MIUI 6 amazing ui launch by mi ,sound is improve everything is OK ,one more thing this phone now available on amazon I love this phone
After using Xioami devices since their launch in India. I can say that they offer excellent hardware at unbeatable price. But what's the use of that hardware when your software makes it laggy. The so called MIUI is a feature rich OS, but it consumes a lot of ram. Samsung touchwiz was infamous for ram consuming and slow, this MIUI is even a step ahead. Mi3 have 2gb ram & most of the time free is 400-500mb(after clearing applications from RAM). And imagine what will happen with 1gb ram in red mi. Am using Redmi1s and MIUI just make it so slow and laggy. you can use only one app at a time. If you are typing a email in chrome and open whatsapp to check messages and come back to chrome your webpage will refresh and your typed material will be lost. Open settings and it will take 3 seconds to open. Miui Kills all background processes. No notification of Amazon app/ Whatsapp etc. Use GPS and if call comes, everything hangs for 5 seconds with ringtone playing but display hanged. I migrated to Lenovo A6000 from Redmi and believe me its more practical & usable device then redmi. IMHO Xiaomi Devices offer excellent hardware but MIUI makes them sluggish, Also MIUI don't offer Encryption. If they can provide stock android like MOTO G2 or Lite OS like lenovo Vibe ui, I bet they will top the charts. And Xiaomi Cameras are no way near to Samsung cameras. Low light images are pathetic. Blurry, out of focus in low light, and if you use flash these devices just don't how to balance the exposure. In comparison to Lenovo A6000 Redmi shines in Build Quality, call quality, speaker output, 5-6 times faster emmc chip. USB otg, Led notification light. Where as Lenovo A6000 have better Screen, better network stability, OS stability, encryption and most important Ram management is good. And battery life is much better. And vibe UI gives feel of Android with important features. Where as Xiamoi's MIUI is mostly just IOS copy. I hope Xiamoi develop lighter version of miui for this range, as same OS designed for mi4-mi3 on red mi series is a joke.
Good phone,
Nice phone
All i want to say is unbelievable phone at this price range.....i am truely amazed...miui is awesome......no heating.....no lag ....excellent perfomance .....
i love it
Wonderful phone. Got it from flipkart. Worth every penny. After using it you will always ask yourself why you were spending so much in so called premium brands like Samsung.
Good mobile phone.mi lover bye n enjoy miui6 operating system..5 star out of 5
Excellent configuration at lowest budget price.. Affordable to anyone..
Very bad service as well as phone not as per expectations
I already purchased Redmi 1s, I faced two times rejection in flash sell by Flipkart and then got a change to buy. I tremendously felt overall good phone. I like most its Camera and Display. And at present, I already bought Redmi 2 from Flipkart and I am feeling like having super power handset and till time, I found no single issue in this. What I know that, It is well fit with my expectation related to camera, battery power, performance and gaming experience. Then what you need other than this? Don't compare this with IPhone 6 :D.. You can definitely buy
Say is too high... I do not prefer
Light weight. Rich feeling while holding in hand. Display color quality is superior. Picture quality look better than Redmi1. BuyToEarn offer is good Battery backup is good. Performance is good enough. UI is cool !! Front camera is not good. :(
Best phone in this price range, good cameras, battery will give full day backup, speed internet browsing, no lagging, high pixel display, miui is brilliant and awesome. In heavy multi tasking it gives some heat. Its not a big issue. Overall performance is good.
fantastic product
Just OK....
i would like to say i'm sorry amazon i cant back never to you . Redmi 2 (White) getting heating ,hanging problem as well battery problem from 1st day.....
Its a worst thing to have
This is a heat generating Bar, The phone shuts down automatically, & the service centre is pathetic, i have gone 4 times to repair this phone in past 4 months-1st software got hanged-2nd Phone Signal was not catching 3rd Battery was not charging 4th Heat generated is too much & still the problem continues.
It is not a phone rather a blast furnace -_-
30/3/2015 Hardware: Camera: Works fast. Best for the price Processor: Fare enough Build Quality: Good RAM: I have Only 898 MB don't know about rest 126 MB of ram. Free Ram available 150 MB Storage : Out of 8 GB available only 5.75 Only. SD Card Support Up to 32 GB. Display : Best for the price OTG : Supported Battery : Last a day or more ( it has an explanation below ) Software: BAD OS : Kitkat 4.4.4 & MIUI 6 * Apps not Movable to SD Card You cannot play big games having size more than 3 GB * All data Stored in Internal Memory. Like (WhatsApp Images, Videos etc) * I said "Battery Last a day or more" Why because MIUI Kills all app in background. You wont get Whatsapp Notification if not opened. * Cant Listen to Music more than 1 min Killed in background. Totally OS is a BAD. * While scrolling facebook if you open link from facebook to other browser when returning facebook loads from first you have to scroll from first again. BAD.. Its not for multiuser. Even i'm not getting Clash of Clans Notification. :( I'm Suffering. I give 2.5/2.5 for H/W and 0/2.5 for Software. Even h/w got 2.5 i give only 2 start out of 5 because its not usable. Disappointed. If this bugs is fixed it may get 4 Stars. 31/3/2015 True Caller Not Working. Screen filter works but after 1 or 2 min you have to open again, coz app killed in background.
go for indian brands try n increase indian product sales.. micromax is one of indian company..
One biggest problem wifi buffering
It's worst phone that I ever bought. Heat like oven, screen like mini mouse in your hand with x64 bit what I can do? Ram is almost 200mb free. No configuration setting suited to phone, miui is some batter then android but again no ram remain if you play soft game like candy crush. Overall don't buy if you believe any other company.
Don't buy not Abel to use what's up
SBI card par discount Nai mila
good product but price is liitle high
Fake review ;P
making fool of people...actually none of the phone was available for sale...completely foolish
My friend got it through flipkart. Mobile looks and feels very cheap.
