B00VEB0N6A
Pros: 1. Price . 2. Battery back up. 3. Butter smooth Swipe. 4. Music player come with good settings like shake to change song, headphone configuration etc. 5. No lag on playing high end games. 6. The front camera is very good for selfie. 7. It has better build quality, screen display, touch sensitivity, cameas, speakers, CPU-RAM-operating system-interface-battery backup combination 8. Several new and unique features, tools, and Apps are there. Its easy to control this device. 9. Light weight 10. Its affordable, reliable, and highly recommended. It feels great having it. Cons: 1. Single Sim slot 2. The 720p HD display is good but not great with 5.5 inch screen. 3. Not very suitable for rough-use, and needs a bit of careful handling 4. LED flash may not be very effective under presence of other sources of light like daylight. 5. Apart from the charger and the USB cable, no other accessory( like screen-guard, flip-cover, SIM-adapter, etc.) are provided with this mobile handset. 6. 4G service is unavailable in many places in India. So 3G is used easily 7. Charging time: Since the battery is huge so it take a large time to charge. Almost 3 hours from 0 to 100%. Thanks for reading my review and bearing my thoughts.. Have a good time..!
I didn't buy this mobile from Amazon but from other site, as Amazon was not selling this phone at that time, otherwise I would have bought it from Amazon itself because it's the best...  Now about the phone I have bought the phone on Jan 2 ,2015. Till today I haven't faced any problems. This is the best phone at this price, really!! The amazing thing about this phone is its user friendly. The MIUI is really really good. I loved it. Camera: rear cam is 13mp but the pics is of not of 13mp quality. The impressive thing is its front cam 5mp, but really when u look at the quality of the pics are so good. Really good. For all the selfie lovers, front cam is really amazing... That's not it MIUI predicts your age too when with the front cam. It's something interesting. Battery: I play a lot of games, battery back is throughout the one and half day. The same if you browse the whole day. But you use it only calls and a few messages then two days. 3100mah, what I am really trying to say is the battery is really good. The output of the battery charger is 2000ma, therefore your mobile will be charged quickly and also mobile will get heated: it's due to the higher output of the charger. If you use mobile while charging it will hang.. So don't use when it's on charge. Otherwise the mobile smooth like butter. Cons: No earpones in the box, no screen guard. Been 5 months now I don't have any issues with the phone and yes it's 4g. I use airtel 4g, speed is maximum upto 4mbps not more than that. I expected more, but it's OK because YouTube doesn't buffer   This is a Chinese phone and I love it..  
Very good phone with decent features at a decent price.good display and good WiFi reception and speed,camera is OK types, battery really superb lasts really long,user friendly phone,amazing clarity, no lags at all fast processor I am using this phone since 31dec 2104 and I am really too satisfied with this phone after using this phone I purchased mi4 and redmi2 all so.do not think twice to buy this phone.just buy it.
I have been using this phone for a year now. Honestly this is the best smart phone I have ever used. The battery backup, connectivity, display, camera quality, upgrades, MI free themes, smart look and Android apps functionality are absolutely amazing. I haven't faced a single issue yet. This is the best you can get.
It's best phone i used ever. Well satisfied with it. Screen size, graphics, disply, touch are best. Camera is OK. Loved it.!!!!
Finally Xiaomi is available on Amazon. So lets start with the reviews. I hope most of you are accustomed with the brand Xiaomi, if not look at the FAQ section of my review given below for more info. Build and Design: Starting with the build the Xiaomi Redmi Note 4g aka the Hongmi Note in China come with 5.5 inch HD (1280x720p) display. The front is full black with only the three red capactive buttons below. The capactive buttons are backlit though unlike the Redmi 1s and even Redmi 2. The screen blends with the bezels nicely so the front of the device looks nice (provided your fond of a full black front like me). The back has a white glossy plastic which is a fingerprint magnet. But the quality of plstic used by Xiaomi are nice and they haven't cut cost on this respect. The back has the camera bump and the secondary noise cancellation mic just below it. MI logo on the bottom. The design is basic. It's not the looker. But Xiaomi has paid attention to details and the finishing is in one word perfect. Display: The display is outsourced from either Sharp or AUO depending on stocks. Going by the brand the display is bound to fulfil your expectations on paper. And it does too on real world. Colours are sharp and vibrant. Being an OGS display with ample brightness sunlight legitimity is quite good and bound to fulfil your daily needs, provided you occasionally don't go on afternoon strolls to Sahara Desert! Viewing angles are great. Colours looks perfect even when looking from sharp angles but the brightness takes a hit. But that is expected from the display of a sub 15k device! Watching movies on this screen won't be an issue. Hardware and Internals: Redmi Note 4g comes with a Qualcomm Snapdragon 400 quad core chip with each core clocking at 1.6ghz and a Adreno 305 GPU. This is unlike the Redmi 3g which cames with a far powerful Mediatek MT6592T 1.7 ghz octacore SoC. The SoC of Redmi note is the same as the one on the Redmi 1s, so it's really pity to pay 4k above the 1s for this device! Benchmark score are pretty bad considering the competiotion from YU Yureka and Lenovo A7000. Antutu Benchmark v5.6 record a score of just 20k unlike the other two mentioned before which scores 31k and 39k respectively! It has a 2GB of RAM inside and that is a big respite. It was really as pain in the ass for the Redmi 1s customers! MIUI is too heavy a interface to be handled by 1GB of RAM! It has about 1.1GB of free RAM on boot and you can expect about 300-400 GB of free RAM after running a no of social networking sites like Facebook, Twitter, Google+ and a heavy game like Asphalt 8! Day to day usage on this device is a breeze and you won't face any issues while surfing or updating a status on FB. But gaming takes a hit. Asphalt 8 on high graphics loses a far to many frames, though it's not unplayable. Playing with medium graphics smoothens up the gameplay. Same for Real Racing. You will face some issues playing Modern Combat 5 and NOVA 3 if your are coming from a high end devices. The frame lose really gets visible then. Call Quaity: The call quality is excellent.The secondary noise cancelling mic does a great job. The sound quality via the earphone are pretty good too.
This is a pretty good phone. The phone is fast. The camera is amazing. The battery life is slightly better than the samsung duos I owned before this one. Gaming is fast. Browsing is fun. The screen size provides for a nice reading experience. If you're not too brand conscious then this is a pretty good phone to get.
I bought note 4G on Flipkart on 13 Jan. 2k15. I'm overall satisfied with the product. Two days back I was comparing this phone with Samsung galaxy grand 2, it surpasses all the features of Samsung phone, all gadgets have some pros and cons, I won't delve deep, so the phone is worth buying
Mobile is good..but at this price point yureka is best...I bought both yureka and redmi note 4g...but yureka is awesome wen compared to redmi note 4g because of CyanogenMod os.. But battery of redmi note 4g is better wen compared to yureka..but yureka is 8999 and redmi note 4g is 9999...with that additional 1000bucks u can buy a power bank....go with yureka...
I buy this phone in march...(1) I satisfied with battery backup. (2). I cannot use camera in 25 degree Celsius.. (3) I receive the updates also but after updating my phone all applications were crashed, and I downgrade my phone.. (4). In this price you can't get apple phones
quality as not as described
This phone best one for all I'm very happy to use this refer to all and happy to buy don't worry to buy this phone what ever u need all here in this phone very speed gud camera front it's superb got superb selfis so buy this phone you get happy for you thank you
Xiaomi product is the best compared to other phones. High specifications with cheap prices. I think its specially designed for a people with low budget with a good quality. I just used Redmi note and I think it's perfect. The cons are yet to be discovered.
The phone is good but in the box I did not receive the head phones.
AWESOME phone the camera is cool and the processor is nice and fast if u want to buy a phone u should go for this one 100% sure
A must buy phone in such a low cost . speed is awesome with cool features.
I am fully frustrated with the over heating issue and lots of lags. Totally waste of money
amazing phone but only one problem no option for video calls
Very nice at this price. Very Gud looking and and very smooth touch. Light weight. I found camera has some issues. It lags when focusing on someone. For normal use this is a very gud phone. Sound quality is also gud.
Nice phone for medium spenders,but camera quality not so good when photos are clicked in normal mode unless kept in HRD mode.trouble for watsup users as it does not display ur watsup contacts unless u invite them .
I have booked the mobile on 6th May 2015. Amazon delivered the item well in time from TVS Electronics Ltd. Unfortunately i have received defective mobile. Mobile is handing and Camera not operating.
i am giving it one rating because i cannot give zero rating. these phones are the most delicated phones. i got it protected with tampered glass and flip cover, still its display got cracked in my pocket while there was no crack on the outer screen. Customer care people are not responding properly and they are charging heavy amount for changing the screen while it is in warranty they are not accepting it. they have proven the fact that chineese thing is and will always be chineese only. Please dont buy redmi note 4g
Giving one star for this product just because there is no option for zero star... Please please don't get impressed by the features that Redmi offers for this price. Specially the camera. I expected much more from a 13Mp primary camera and a 5Mp secondary camera. The phone get hanged every time I open the camera. It seems the camera doesn't know what focusing is. Capturing video is even more miserable. for 5 seconds the flash will work and next 5 seconds it is complete darkness. Huh..disgusting. I took up the matter with Flipkart. BUT not responsing the matter flipkart plz dont buy this phone.
I got it last month from Amazon. Mike is not very good. Today I am unable to receive call & have to reboot every time to make call. But can't replace as 15 days are over.What should I do now ?
Redmi Note 4G Pro:- 1.Excellent Camera at Back and front with Flash 2.Good Crisp Display 3.4G LTE Available 4.No Lag while multitasking and heavy gaming 5.MIUI Update available 6. Sensors work great Con's :- 1. Design could have been better 2. Non user customizable UI 3. Heavy and Bulky in hand 4. Heating Issues 5. Battery and Speaker's aren't great Overall it is an average smartphone with impressive specifications , Good for heavy gaming and multitasking , Heating while charging and playing games for little long is the only issue with this phone overall a good one from Xiaomi
a great product at a reasonable price. the interface is very neat and friendly, every thing that you need is already there. i was skeptical about it earlier but i'm a fan of xiaomi now.
My camera got a problm..when v opn th camera..it shows cant connect camera...it only happens sometimes..i dont updates to miui6...is it fine aftr updating..pls help me..
MOBILE ALSO GOOD ALL REDDY MY SECOND MI PHONE BUT YOUR PROMISE 12 TO 2 PM DATE 25/04/2014 I HAVE RECEIVED PROMOCODE FOR FREE HEAD PHONE BUT I CAN NOT RECEIVED PROMOCODE FOR HEAD PHONE
Got the product well packed, but when i try to use camera, it shows error "Can not connect to camera". Tried all software updates still not workable. Finally returned back.
Like any other customer, I too brought this phone after reading lot of reviews from different websites. The reviews below are long, but I thought that it might help someone for effective usage of product. The reviews below are intended for those who made up their mind for buying the product and blocked due to negative critics. The features of the phone is already mentioned everywhere and there is nothing to add into it. There were negative comments and my opinion is that there are no products in world which can satisfy 100 % customers. Even iphone 6 has few 1 star rating. 1) Battery – It is 3100 mAH and it can easily stand up to 24 hours.( Note that the heavy usage is different from person to person. For some, heavy usage is playing games all the day where display as well as processor/ ram will be running at high speed. For some, it all about browsing and reading news papers. For some it is being active in social media for the whole day.So let me explain my scenario where it stood for 1 full day.(24 hrs) • Continuous messaging on whats app where I keep receiving and sending messages for 12-13 hours. ( does not mean that screen is on for 13 hours. messages will be delivered continuously and messages are read and replied) • Play candy crush saga game for almost 1 hour a day • Check facebook along with few videos in posts, twitter and LinkedIn for approximately 30-45 minute each and also checking mails. • Read news papers of various languages for approx 1 hour a day • The syncing is on during the period for face book, whatsapp, gmail, twitter and corporate mail for the whole day. ( Read point number 5 also) After reading battery usage statistics, ( phone data in 3g) Screen time on - 6 hours with 50 % brightness Voice calls - 55 minutes All other apps were running in background. There were days where it stood for more than 1.5 days where i have not played games during those period. For effective usage of battery, use the following tips. After opening the box, use the phone with battery and drain completely. Charge the phone to 100% in switch off mode. ( Note – No overcharging or overnight recharge) Repeat the same for 3 cycles ( use and complete drain, then recharge). After 3 cycles, always charge the phone only when the battery is below 10 % and charge fully. Many people have the habit of charging to 50-60 % and take it to office and charge the remaining or charge the phone to 40 to 50 %, use It and charge again to 50 %. This will spoil the battery. 2) Heating : Many commented that the processor and phone is heating like anything. As a common man, I always compare heating of phone with sweating in human beings. If we climb uphill, the level of tiredness will not be same for a person carrying 5 kg of weight and 15 kg of weight. If many apps are running in the background as well as foreground, obviously all the cores in processor will be working and heat is generated. The gadget is not so big to have a cooling fan. In a nutshell, the heating is dependent on usage. For the usage mentioned in point number 1, there were no heating issues 3) Display – Though the technical people compare with PPi’s, type of LCD etc………. , the display will look excellent for a common man. Take it guys, the display and touch is awesome. 4) No need to install RAM cleaner, battery doctors, antivirus etc…. There is no need to add RAM cleaner, cache cleaner, anti virus etc…because, it is already available in the phone and settings. Don’t install the other apps and let them run unnecessarily in background which will again take up background process and RAM. Sometimes, you might need to navigate to different places for finding, but not a big deal. The default widget is available where you can clean memory in one click. 5) Check on google syncing. Once you have logged into Google account, go to settings- accounts – Google. If you click on the respective account, you can see that many sub – items( close to 13 sub items) of Google are shown against sync with tick enabled( like cloud, google plus). I suggest removing the sync against unwanted sub items. ( may be only for contacts, mail and few required stuff) If everything is enabled, the phone will eat up your data as well as battery. One by one will sync and repeat continuously. 6) Need a cover as well as screen guard…. As the phone is heavy in terms of display and weight, it is highly recommended to go for a good quality flip cover or a strong back cover with scratch guard. It is difficult to handle the phablet in one hand and the OEM back panel is slippery and tends to fall down / loose grip. For guys, it occupies major portion of the pockets and might get damaged without proper grip at back. Thanks for reading a long review. There are few more points, but don’t want to mess it up. One point review about redmi note – One among the few mobile players which provide high end configurations at 10K .
THE CAMERA QUALITY IS VERY POOR MI RED ME 2 CAMERA QUALITY IS VERY HIGH I HEARED THIS PRODUCT IS VERY HIGH CAMERA QUALITY THIS QUALITY IS NOT ACCEPTABLE
bought this phone on redmi 5yr anniversary sale expecting a free earphone as promised by them on their page i am feeling cheated by you
Mobile screen touch response is awesome the only thing is bad is single sim and the box can only contain mobile and charger there is no earphone.
Nice phone at this price range... I was using Motorola moto g 2 before. But I thought this phone was better than moto g.. And now I am using redmi note from 3 months.. I didn't get any problems till now. Xiaomi has done a great job in designing their own UI.
ThiS phone is the most value for money phone ...u can't get better in this budget"......camera is not less than dslr ........don't hang
I bought this device from Flipkart and using it for 5 months now. The UI is awesome. No issues till date. Battery is the best part.
Product is good but its cemara quality is ok. As compare with prices another choise is available. Amazon delivery not satishfactory.
I purchased this phone through flipkart and not Amazon. The phone stopped functioning after 3 months and the service is pathetic my work order no 890006395 @ koramangala Bangalore is pending, the service centre also does not answer the phone at 080-40953754. My view avoid this company else you will suffer like me, THE SERVICE IS PATHETIC, ITS NOT WORTH IT.
Good service. Product received as per shown on website. Satisfied Customer. Thanks.!!!
the performance is very gud,but the phone's body is made of cheap plastic. It's very delicate.should be used very carefully
Awesome phone no lagging at all screen is somewhat delicate I must say but else everything is perfect battery ram n all..
There is no earphone in box
Really nice phone simply best. Earlier purchased YU due to issues with I returned it and went for Redmi Note and I feel I Made no mistake. I am already using 2 Redmi S 2. Note is really a class phone in the range. Camera and display are simply outstanding. Too good...........
I have bought this mobile from Flipkart. It is a buyable mobile at this price range. Camera is better than moto g2 as i compared with my friend mobile. Built quality is OK. UI somewhat bad, but we can download themes from store so no need to worried about this...
Worrest phone don't buy so many times hanging,sound also not clear I complained for two times they are saying install some software and close the running apps there is no opotion for auto close of apps when not in use
good phone the speed is awesome the touch is good camera quality is good good phone in at this rate
I already have Lumia 535 at rs9300 But this phone is so awesome yaar Fully satisfied.
Its a great product for its price...only corn is its camera in low light images comes blurry...
Product received.Thanks But the package do not contain the ear-phones. Pl check
Phone is good only thing my internet get off now and then have to restart again and again
For proper working plz update your phoneas much as Great feature at affordable price
Owsom in this price range. you'll get those features which even samsung do not offer at higher price
Well I order this mobile in 26th April 2015 and it delivered in 27th April 2015.. Because its 1 Day delivery which I have chosen.. The phone is Super awesome..after update its smoothness goes to the next level.. Bt one problem is DT there is no earphone with this phone.. Bt its fine..battery is just amazing.. Processor is very good.. I love this phone.. Its truly value for money phone.. Must buy jb tk stocks h.. (Y)
Good service, delivered as promised...now hope the product works as desired
On page good specs waiting for it lets see my money is at right place
This Phone is great at this kind of price tag. I am quite happy with this.
This phone not sport call . hang camra always. Please not prchege this
I am somehow jinxed; my phones don’t survive beyond a year. So as usual, my Lenovo S660 died. I was in the lookout of a new phone with similar features and BIG battery life. No phone could impress me, but ‘Redmi Note 4G’ came to the rescue and out of all it is a real value for money and the best deal. 1. Great Battery 2. Fantastic Touch 3. Multitask is an ease 4. Great display 5. Guys don’t complain, because at this price – this is the best you can get.
Cons: Slippery back cover App crashes Lag in medium end games Battery not good even at 3100 mah Heats up
If you're looking at a phone less than 10k this one's the best.... I compared it to yureka....it's display is crisp and ppi is high whereas yureka doesn't have good viewing angles...And yureka tends to heat alot....redmi note heats sometimes but common thats so common to present day phones.... Mi also give regular updates.... Given a choice between yureka,redmi note 4g and phones in this range,redmi note 4g is above all...... Don't think much buy it!
Its all broken
Camera is week
Its a good handset.... With nice battery back up.. I recomemd all
nice product by redmi,worth buying it !!!rear camera quality is not too good but other features are appreciable.
There is no defects of it ...... It works very fast...
Nice 2 start with this phone #first phone #whtafeel
Superb phone in class.. Only limited storage is annoying
Everything is like unbelievable. True satisfaction.
Worst phone in the entire freaking world. Never trust bloody Chinese products. I made a mistake by buying this phone. WORST PHONE EVER. Screw all Chinese products. I doubt if they even used 2gb ram for real, as mentioned in the specifications. I doubt if it is even quad core processor. I doubt if it even has 4G facilities. Can't trust the Chinese. The condition of the phone has even led me to believe that they might have used a duplicate android OS. Everything in the phone lags. Nothing, and I say NOTHING, in the phone works properly. Whatever you try to do gets muddled up and the phone gets confused what to do, which leads to the phone going haywire and behaving like a mad machine. My honest advice, Do Not Buy This Phone, or any other Chinese product for that matter.
no dual sim
Good performance Good congregation in this price
Must buy, very nice phone, camera is just awesome....
Excellent configuration. Only Single sim is drawback.
received product in time and happy with the product.
Functioning of phn is below my expection..i had returned it ,the day after i receive.
handset doesn't work properly, its screen keeps blinking,the brightness is very deem
battery backup is good.and picture quality is nice
Hey i m using redmi note 4g but i have a problem in my sim port it's not working
Good mobile at right price at right shopping site
Horrible...software issues...apps don't upload
It's an amazing mobile... Very smooth in functioning n user friendly... It's one of d best to provide so much specifications in it at such a low cost. Their is almost nothing which u can't do in this mobile. Gaming exp is also too good. Moreover video recording, voice recorder r too good... Battery does last long.. More than a day even after constant use.... Currently I experience lagging in camera with my model, seems to b a bug problem...other Dan dat no other issue... Overall d device is up to d mark for crazy android users...
I received the product in good condition . got it on the next day, amazon was promt in delivery. The phone is a decent product , it is toltally worth for the money . we definitely cannot compare it to other phones but for this money I think is a very good product. Overall best phone in this range , good camera, good display
good performance before time delivery.
Nice one I am satisfied with this product
Prompt delivery as promised. Satisfied.
I have been using this for one month. It is easy to use, more options and settings to customize than others. Many pre installed apps like compass. Nice look good speed. Long battery back up. Only cons are its weight and average camera working, often it hangs while taking fotos.
ok not bad But Dual is there is better
All good but camera flash isn't working, a big disappointment as i was looking for best camera in this class. Tried searching for online help but didn't find a solution. I wish I could have gone with Grand 2 Prime. Amazon, plz call back if you care. Thanks.
Extra ordinary for the price paid
This fone is full of features ........to much features at this price Hd recording awsom camera but some time camera stop working while using whats app... But over all this mob is making ur money worthy. ...awsom.
It's awesome phone comparing to other branded phones Samsung phones hangs many times bandwidth is also poor but this phone rocks buyers go for this phone don't hesitate due to Chinese set all phones are assembled in china
Nice phone.. Look really awesome
I purchased this phone and my experience is very bad, because it switched off automatically any time and when I complaint nobody give me satisfactory reply, I feel my self cheated. (BULLS*** )
I don't get the headset .....
Beautiful phone as expected..
Very nice I recommend for others
I really like MIUI, its user friendly & looks good with ample features for your need. OTA updates are heavy but good , it came with 4.4.2 & after OTA it is now 4.4.4 & in small span of 3 months i have received 3 updates which is good. Built is good except back cover opening option which is not user friendly, other phones i have used had grove to open but this is unlike those. Its truly worth its price & for me i think if i need to upgrade than the next one would be none other than Xiaomi (perhaps i am more towards conservative type) i fear experimenting too much. I have seen cynogen & stock androids which i feel are not as good as MIUI. Since i already proclaimed that i am bit(rather too much) on conservative approach so i don't use my phone roughly therefore i may not be the right person to comment about the solidity/strength of the phone. I came across a shock few days earlier when the speaker stopped working, i googled the issue & MIUI site and after the hardware testing result was negative so i thought to run to service centre which is some 20 KM away from my place , its a big headache & who knows what kind of service they provide ? I tried one thing when i received a call, i pressed the loud speaker button(its touch :)) & the speaker was working & from then onward no issues with the speaker but h/W test still fails but who cares if practically it works! Battery is fine not exceptional & i think much better if we talk about smartphones backup in general. One advice i would like to give; use only back cover & always use screen guard simple one(it already has that gorilla G 3 so no need for tampered protection) even then if you go for extra protection then mind you it is thick & may affect your phone touch sensitivity! Use your phone as a sophisticated device and not a rugged piece of H/W if you don't want to see the Service centre(I do't think their service would please us more so due to the cost they are charging for their phones). I am editing my review 'cause i forget to mention about the viewing angles, game performance.... Well It does lag & heats up while playing heavy games like Asphalt but shockingly it also lags while playing temple run which runs smoothly on my micromax 6000 rs phone. Viewing angle are fine but under sunlight its hard to handle. I don't play games too much so that's not an issue for me & i don;t expect to have a perfect phone for 10K bucks, anyways nothing is absolute. 3.5 mm jack works very well with my nokia, micromax etc except this phone, perhaps they want to force their own handsfree to compensate for economical price tag(handsfree lead & screen guard is not the part of sales package). Still these things are minor(for me at-least). I would say go for it , its a good deal.
Good product proper delivery
Amazing service and good buy
Best quality in lower price.
I have bought the phone from flipkart...my review about the phone 1)CAMERA: The back camera is no doubt best for this price.After a small twicks the camera specially in HDR mood captures vivid picture even in low light.if use google camera for this phone then u will think that u r using a apple phone (from camera quality) even in this price!! Performance:in performance mood u will think that galaxy S4 is in your hand..i have played mordern combat 4, asfalt 8 without a single lag.. Display:- liquid display..support all type videos Audio:-noise reductiom method is impressive... audio in mi head phone is the best I have ever hear. Battery:-3100 mh battery. Better than Samsung. Only bad of the phone is gps is infacted...but i with my telephony knowledge my self has fixed it.if u want to fix it mail me at genious.bittu@gmail.com
Samsung and apple users cum xiaomi users putting negative reviews :v million time better specs than note 2 and still 1/3 of its price STILL JEALOUS MUCH?
Nice one don't miss it...
I liked the phone and especially the MIUI update was really good and smooth. I have placed the order on Sunday and selected 2 day shipping. It was supposed to come on Tuesday but surprisingly item was arrived to my city within a day, even it was out for delivery on Monday itself. However amazon guy didn't delivered it on the same day but put a message saying 'restricted entry and contact amazon for delivery instructions'. In fact nobody turned up on Monday but updated with a false message, which I didn't like. I had to call Amazon customer care and they helped delivering it by Tuesday evening. Of course it was supposed to be delivered on Tuesday only, however I had to go through all these mess because of one false status update. Hence marking it as 4 star. No issues with phone so far...and I loved it. Enjoying the true experience of android games :)
nice
Best
Its..... COOOll........
I have purchased from flipkart but rating on amazon beacuse at that time amazon not having in inventory Excellent phone for the price. Superb performance. Very happy with my choice. Gave up Samsung for this phone, absolutely no regrets. You have to learn to use this phone.So much customisation available. So much control over Apps. Butter smooth touch. MIUI 6 is absolutely wonderful. The bugs if any are attended by the mi team. One must also become a member of the MI forum to really understand the phone. Heating issues - not on my phone.One Happy Redmi Note 4G owner. Thanks MI
Not issuing headphones and screen guard no memory card and back cover that's y m going canceling dis order
Excellent phone for the price. Superb performance. Very happy with my choice. Gave up Samsung for this phone, absolutely no regrets. You have to learn to use this phone.So much customisation available. So much control over Apps. Butter smooth touch. MIUI 6 is absolutely wonderful. The bugs if any are attended by the mi team. One must also become a member of the MI forum to really understand the phone. Heating issues - not on my phone.One Happy Redmi Note 4G owner. Thanks MI
Im Using this Beast for more than 3 months im fully Satisfied abt my mobile, really loved a lot.. and have learned a lot from this mobile.. I have recommended This beast to my Frnds also :-) Pros : Camera Quality is Simply awesome Awesome Battery Backup.. Awesome Gaming. Like Asphalt 8, Nfs, Gta San and. Cons : a Little heating issue while charging Restarting mobile automatically.. You Guys are planing to Buy this mobile means.. Jus Go for It b-) Im proud to be a owner for This Beast :-)
Single Sim and colour white but not fully body white- as in mi4 body. Oops!
Perfect mobile...
excellent phone at this price, go for it worth buying, excellent speed with 2 GM ram, MIUI V6 is just best, my fist MI phone & in future would also like to buy other MI phones as well
awsmmm undr 10k
Ver good mob..
A chinese spy in ur pocket .Go fo yu yureka .
I had purchased this phone from flipkart 3weeks ago its very nice set .Nice camera,picture puality , pearl like touch i recommend this phone who are buying yureka and moto g2 because these two phones cannot stand a position in fight with redmi note 4g. I really like this phone
Worst 13mp camera mobile ever. If u want China Mobile feel, u can buy this mobile. Best thing about this phone is Touch. Apart from it everything is like China. Different from what it says. It's my first day using this mobile for 6-8 hours. Super Hang problem. Camera flash-no useful, don't know why they r giving it. Display like 240p. Video quality. Conclusion-waste of money.
review later
I am also using red mi note 4g. Many have already explained about specifications. I have been using for one month. No problem except Explorer app not opening. Under 10000rs, phone with such specifications is good deal.
Awesome....
good phone.
I'm using this phone for 1.5 months now...excellent phone...superb camera I'm planning to buy Redmi 2 for my mom.
Overall a great device at such a price.Xiaomi redefined the meaning of a budget oriented smartphone.I have 1 question for it..When is it going to get the lollipop update because I am starving 4 it.They had said that it would get that but still there are no signs of it.Overall a great device.
Awesome ph
Nice piece
I waiting for my redmi note 4g mobile
Brilliant
awesome phone with premium look
Too good
High value for money, excellent speed, buttery smooth sensitivity, excellent camera.., good battery life and excellent sensors - eg: GPS picks up signals so fast. Cons: Speaker qualityis average.
What is sar value (radiation) for this mobile., this mobile danger or not
One of the best phone in the market in this price range
i received 1 week before. such a nice handset. everything is brilliant. touch is awesome. no hang, no heat up. no complaint at all.
i purchased this product from flipkart. It was a gift for my dad. The specs and evrythn seem very attrctive. But it happend to jus trip from my dads hand and now there is a big crack on the glass. Replacing it costs 6000 as it isnt included in the warranty. i have owned many phone but never experienced this problem before. I would recommend this product!!
1.Not value for Money 2.Dated Chipset 3.Poor Customer Care and Service 4.Better Devices like Yu Yureka are available @8999 with 64 bit Octa-Core (8) core cpu based on Snapdragon 615 Chipset and Lenovo A7000 with Mediatek MT6752 chipset with octa-core cpu also under 10000 rupees
Nice
Nice
good
good
Good
Good
Very good phone and company
Mobile is Good , But Battery is very very poor..Have to charge daily..
its hang on my first day.. phone perfornance is worst ever i seen..
I have received the phone but not the headphones. So plz help me
I purchased this product 3 months ago from airtel store its awesome product good phone best battery backup everything is best on this phone.I love this phone. :)
this is my fourth xiaomi device . i have bought mi3 and redmi 1s and redmi note 3g dual sim phones for my family before. every body knows the specifications about the phone which is mentioned on buytoearn so i will not talk about the specs . i will just share my user experience with this device and also will give you guys a side by side comparison of this product with redmi note 3g dual sim version. comparison of the two phones 1) redmi note 3g has dual sim. this phone has single sim . you can put a normal sim in this . there is no need for micro or nano sim in this phone . 2) the screen resolution of both the phones are same as they use the same screen 3) the battery of both the device is same but the 3g mediatek octacore uses less power than the power hungry snap dragon in this phone . but with 3100 mah battery to support , both the phones will last u easily for 36 hours of normal use and 24 hrs of medium to heavy use. 4) the ui of this phone is way way better and smoother than that of the 3g dual sim device. the main reason is that this phone is version miui 5 based on android kitkat and the dual sim 3g is alo version miui 5 but based on out dated jelly bean os. 5) this phone tends to heat a bit while playing games or while using the phone while charging and playing games. the 3g version does not get hot even after you play games. 6) this phone has 4g support so in the near future if you want you van use 4g services which will be launched soon in metro cities in india. the 3g dual sim does not support 4g. 7) rooting of both the phones does not void warranty and the procedure to root and unroot xiaomi phones are much more easier and safer because you get the files for rooting , unrooting in their official forum. this makes life easy for new and first time users.you can transfer apps to external sd card once the phone is rooted . 8) both the phones have gorilla corning . 9) the blue tooth version in the 4g is upgraded but it dint find any change in the performance of bluetooth compared to the blue tooth of the 3g version. 10) the ringer top volume level and the ear piece volume is a bit more louder than the 3g version. this can be because the settings are louder in miui 5 based on kit kat. 11) the camera of this phones does not justify the clarity and sharpness of a 13 mp camera. the camera of redmi 1s with a 8 mp shows better results than the camera of this phone. we need to keep in mind that this is a mobile phone with a camera to help you take images on the go and instantly. for day to day purpose the camera does a decent job. and who buys a mobile phone on the basis of its camera only.the front camera does more than a decent job for selfie freaks. 12) this is the only 5.5 inch phone , to my knowledge which has a removable battery . so even if the battery conks off in the near future we can buy the original one via buytoearn and we wont need to replace our phone for that . 13) for 9999 rs along with the phone we also got access to the official forum of xiaomi where all the moderators and developers are willing to provide any help and are willing to answer all your questions and provide you updates and other files for free . they also have a section for indian users.i have never seen a company who provides that kind of comfort and importance to their clients . before a phone is launched you already have the necessary files and official people to help you with rooting , unrooting, upgrading , bugs etc the biggest question is that is it worth spending 1 k extra for the 4 g version . the answer is yes because you get qualcom processor which is way better than the slow media tek octa core. you get kit kat out of the box and this makes the phone super smooth ( lag free)compared to the 3g version. this phone will get the miui 6 sooner than the 3g version because qualcom has already released the kernel of this phone and xiaomi has already released miui6 global rom for this phone on there website whereas mediatek still has not even given confirmation if they will release the kernel of the 3g version or not and if they do not then this phone will not get any upgrade. update:- xiamo has already released the kernel of redmi 4g device ( ie this device ) but there is no confirm date as of when they will release the kernel for redmi note 3g mediatek . many people will compare this device with yureka but all i want to say that yu is made by MICROMAX . do i need to say anything else.
Mobile camera is not working properly. Please check it.
NICE MOBILE. I HAVE BOUGHT IT FROM FILLIPKART. THAT TIME IT HAD 2 SIM SLOTS. NO HANGING OR ANY KIND OF PROB. GOOD BATTERY BACKUP
I think Snap dragon 1.6 quad core processor is a piece of s***. I think that QUalcom should refund the customers with the price and replace with a newer phones. There are a lot of heating issues in this phone. Even a small phone app or a camera app heats up the phone and you can feel it in your pants if you keep the phone in your pant pockets.
Good configuration in less price....
When I am using camera it's hanging
It's so nice. Really working nice I was already purchased 2 months ago. Major advantages are battery backup, Rear & Front cameras and 2GB ram. But if ur adjust with single sim and 5.5inches huge screen to go bought this mobile.
Good mobile at the price
good phone with gr8t battery backup
I use a Vertu, HTC M9, HTC M8, Amazon Fire, Nokia Lumia 1020, OPPO 7, Lenovo a6000, Oneplusone, redmi 1s, galaxy k, sony xperia z3, blackberry passport , q30, etc etc etc....Albet Redmi 46 is a 32 bit processor and yureka which I have bought too....I would say the UI, performance (except vHD games) this phone is excellent.... I personally like Redmi Note 4g and have 2 of them.... Drawback Indian Version supports only 2 bands of LTE out of which band 40 which is LTE-TDD 2300 of airtel is really not a "true" 4g. Old tech of chinamobile....When will India start using LTE-FDD bands.... Hardware - Lowend 32 bit processor, low ram, camera not as good as Yureka. Question? Right now if I am buying a mobile phone, will I buy yureka or Redmi 4g....I would go for redmi 4g.... I bought yureka, hate it.....The UI is excellent.....UI is very important..... DO not use GMAIL or any pvt email of yours.....Please create a new ID....Trust me on this....For all email access-use blackberry.....
Amazing phone under 10000 because phone specifications is 2GB Ram 13 MP camera . And amazing camera quality, IPS display and MIUI 6 amazing ui launch by mi ,sound is improve everything is OK ,one more thing this phone now available on amazon I love this phone
Fine mobile
Very good
V v good
very nice
super
Well this is not a value for money phone if you are spending Rs. 10000 as it is only single simple, hangs a lot, app crashes many a times, over heating problems and doesn't have good battery back up at all, In short Just big Words and No Play.
Worst mobile in the world
faltu mobile don't buy
On your face Flipkart , lol Now I don't have to skip my lunch to order . Love you Amazon .
I order this phone just now hoping for the best.. :). Plz amazon deliver it on time
very very very BAKWAS phone....rear camra is very bad...
